A charity has said there is a "desperate need" for housing for ex-prisoners in Wales.
A man has been charged in connection with the seizure of firearms and ammunition in Edinburgh.
A judge has denied bail to four people accused of beating a black man and forcing him to drink toilet water and kiss the floor in a Facebook Live video.
West Bromwich Albion have appointed Steve Evans as their new director of football following his departure from Reading.
A low-calorie, high-fat diet can restore the function of the pancreas, US scientists say.
The merger of the world's two biggest lens manufacturers, Essilor and Luxottica, has sparked a debate about whether there is enough competition in the industry.
Cyclist Lizzie Houvenaghel has told the BBC British Cycling's World Class programme was a "disgrace to the sport".
The owner of a nightclub in the US state of Texas says his background as a computer programmer helped him get the business back on track.
Shares in BT jumped on Wednesday morning after the regulator Ofcom ruled that the company should not be spun off into a separate company.
Celtic manager Brendan Rodgers is looking forward to his first visit to Hampden Park as he prepares for Saturday's Scottish Cup semi-final against Rangers.
Queen's University in Belfast is to cut the number of student places by 1,010 over the next three years.
A hospital trust has apologised after 850 appointment letters were sent out with the wrong patient information.
Shadow foreign secretary Emily Thornberry has said Labour will vote in favour of the bill that will start the process of leaving the European Union.
Torquay United manager Kevin Nicholson says he will not be getting any money from the sale of Kane O'Kane to Bournemouth.
An inquest into the death of a man whose body was found in the sea off Gwynedd has heard he had been visited by a police officer at a mental health unit.
Sheffield Wednesday have signed Leicester City striker David Taylor-Fletcher on loan until the end of the season.
A former Nasa chief scientist has urged scientists not to give up on their work, despite fears the Trump administration will limit access to government data.
Former The Specials drummer John "Brad" Bradbury has died at the age of 69.
Former world number one Tiger Woods missed the cut at the Farmers Insurance Open as England's Justin Rose moved into a share of the lead.
Former England striker Carlton Cole says he still has a "long road ahead" to recovery after having a kidney transplant.
The Pakistani government has lifted a ban on the internet-based video-sharing site YouTube.
Leicester Tigers scrum-half Jamie Benjamin will miss the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Welsh cyclist Owain Doull described winning Olympic gold in Rio as "unbelievable" as he became the fourth Welsh rider to win a medal at the Games.
Floods in the western Indian state of Gujarat have killed more than 100 people and left thousands homeless, officials say.
A Scottish couple got married on skis before sliding off down a run in their wedding attire.
Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) has been fined 1.5bn Hong Kong dollars (£1.1bn) for falsifying trading records.
The Baftas are over and it's time to move on to the next round of winners.
Andy Murray has been forced to pull out of two exhibition matches at the Hurlingham Club because of a hip injury.
Police in South Africa have arrested two men in connection with the fatal shooting of a local rapper on Saturday.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a shot was fired near a Merseyside primary school.
Britain's Jessica Ennis-Hill remains on course to qualify for the Rio Olympics after the second day of the Hypo-Meeting in Gotzis, Germany.
Formula 1 team Manor have been placed into administration, with the loss of more than 100 jobs.
The number of candidates standing in the Northern Ireland Assembly election has increased for the second year in a row.
What should you do if the pound falls against the US dollar before you go on holiday?
A teenager from North Tyneside has been crowned the UK's Alternative Model of the Year.
More than 1,800 people have signed a petition calling for a statue commemorating the Falklands War to remain in its current location.
A British man has appeared in court charged with breaching a terror control order, the BBC understands.
Sussex have appointed former fast bowler Chris Anyon as their new head coach of the women's side.
League One side Bury have signed midfielder Jordan Brown on a one-month loan deal from Premier League side Sunderland.
Cinderella has long been regarded as one of the most under-appreciated fairy tale characters in Hollywood.
Ukraine's Eurovision Song Contest took place in Kiev on Sunday, with more than 40 countries taking part in this year's competition.
When The Beatles played their first gig at Liverpool's Cavern Club in 1963, it was the start of a career that would see them perform 292 times in the club's basement.
South Africa's government has proposed a minimum wage of 20,000 rand ($1,800; £1,700) a year, an increase of more than 50%.
The death of Ethiopia's long-serving Prime Minister Meles Zenawi has sent shockwaves through the Horn of Africa, where he was one of the most influential and enigmatic leaders.
Azhar Ali hit a half-century for Pakistan before rain washed out the second day of the second Test against Australia in Melbourne.
A by-election in Edinburgh's Leith Walk has seen two candidates elected under a new voting system.
Russia has accused the US of being "irrational" for refusing to co-operate with its bombing of Syria, despite a recent cessation of hostilities.
Scarlets have signed Wales Under-20 internationals Rhys Hughes and Tom Evans from Llandovery.
US President Barack Obama has announced new sanctions against Russia, accusing it of meddling in the US election.
The leader of the Labour Party has announced that he will scrap university tuition fees in England if he wins the election.
Fire crews have finished their work at the scene of the Shoreham air disaster, the service has said.
The head of the US intelligence community has said he has never been asked to do anything "illegal, immoral, unethical or inappropriate" by the president.
The White House has confirmed that President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama attended a birthday party in New York.
Causanagh Road, Derrygonnelly, is one of a number of roads in County Londonderry that have been affected by Storm Desmond.
Mental health can be a huge problem, with many people suffering from anxiety, depression and panic attacks.
To Kill a Mockingbird author Harper Lee has had a second book published after a state investigation into whether she consented to its release.
The US has suspended talks with Russia aimed at ending the conflict in Syria, the state department says.
Sadiq Khan has been elected as the first Muslim mayor of London, beating his Conservative rival Zac Goldsmith.
A new vicar has been appointed at a church in Lancashire after a video advert featuring children singing a Harry Potter-themed song was viewed by thousands.
Manchester City midfielder Kevin de Bruyne will be out for up to 10 weeks after injuring his ankle in Tuesday's Champions League win over Everton.
A man who set fire to a train in the Swiss city of St Gallen before being shot dead by police has died, police say.
Police are hunting for a "reckless" drone operator after a plane made a near miss with a drone as it approached an airport.
A seal that became tangled in netting on a beach in Aberdeenshire has been released back into the sea.
An archive of letters and manuscripts belonging to one of Scotland's most famous writers has been opened to the public.
Mark Roache has been elected as the new general secretary of the GMB union.
"I'd rather die" is how Annie Mac describes her current state of mind.
Newcastle United midfielder Jesus Gutierrez says he feels "born again" after returning to first-team action for the first time since being diagnosed with testicular cancer.
Exeter City have announced their first annual accounts since being relegated from League Two.
Paralympic champion Abdullah Hayayei died after a throwing cage collapsed on his head, it has been confirmed.
Scotland's economy is showing signs of stabilising, according to the latest Scottish Chambers of Commerce survey.
A public inquiry into the use of undercover police officers in England and Wales is likely to expose "creditable and discreditable conduct", a judge has said.
New Zealand beat South Africa in a thrilling World Cup final to reach the final for the first time since 2003.
A £1.5m project to study the structural integrity of the world's tallest stone tower has begun.
Inditex, the owner of Zara, Massimo Dutti and Bershka, has reported a rise in profits and sales for the six months to the end of July.
When Lady Gaga takes to the stage at the Super Bowl in Houston on Sunday, Texas, it will be the biggest stage in the world.
A woman who was sexually abused by a gang in Rochdale has said she is still being approached by Asian men in Oldham.
A department store in Birmingham has been forced to close for the second day after a water main burst.
More than 400,000 comments have been sent to a US regulator about net neutrality, according to analysis of the data.
Sale Sharks director of rugby Les Cotton says the club need to "rebuild" after a "poor" move to a new stadium.
Disney's Moana has topped the US box office over the Thanksgiving weekend, despite controversy over its depiction of Polynesian culture.
British number one Johanna Konta reached the quarter-finals of the Nottingham Open with a straight-set win over Madison Brengle.
Two men have been taken to hospital with serious injuries after being attacked in Ballymena, County Antrim.
A team of scientists from the University of Bordeaux in France has discovered that the Ebola virus was passed on to a seven-year-old Guinean boy, Emile, who later died.
Former world champion Stuart Bingham says he will have to talk to his wife before deciding whether he will play at this year's World Championship.
A section of the pier which collapsed on to the seafront at Swansea Bay is to be demolished, the council has said.
A campaign group has launched a legal challenge to Oxford University's controversial tower blocks.
A head teacher has written to parents of six schools in South Gloucestershire warning of "unthinkable" cuts if funding is not increased.
Plans to create national parks in Africa could lead to the displacement of millions of people, according to a new study.
Police investigating the discovery of a human skull on a motorway in Shropshire say further skeletal remains have been found.
Colombia's Omar Martinez has been knocked out in the Olympic men's flyweight final by Kazakhstan's Ruslan Dusmatov.
Universities in England and Wales are staging a one-day strike on Monday in a dispute over pay.
The Scottish government has said it will review East Dunbartonshire Council's plans to close a primary school.
Japan's record goalscorer Kazuyoshi Miura has signed a new one-year contract with Japanese side Vegalta Sendai.
At least 11 people have been killed in clashes between security forces and protesters in Indian-administered Kashmir on the first anniversary of the killing of a militant.
The European Central Bank (ECB) has said it is ready to take action if necessary, following the UK's vote to leave the European Union.
Sale Sharks forward Tom Easter will leave the club at the end of the season to take up a teaching position.
An investigation is under way into the deaths of patients at a mental health ward at the centre of a damning report.
A 35-year-old man has been jailed for a series of "gratuitous" attacks on two men in County Londonderry.
Two-time Olympic gold medallist Hope Solo has been suspended for two matches by the United States Women after being arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence.
A partner at a law firm has pleaded guilty to possession of cocaine with intent to supply.
Transport police in Scotland are to begin carrying Tasers in the event of an attack on a train.
A Grangemouth-based water pumping station manufacturer is set to create 80 new jobs after securing £1.5m in funding from UKSE.
One of the Brazilian football players who was on board the plane that crashed in Colombia on Monday has been flown back to Brazil for surgery.
Former BBC presenter Peter Robinson has said plans to turn Stonehenge into a "high-class Disneyland" are "old-fashioned".
Everton began their Europa League campaign with a comfortable win over German side Wolfsburg at Goodison Park.
Scunthorpe United defender Chris Bishop has signed a new one-year contract with the club.
A man has been charged with the murder of his partner who was stabbed to death in south London.
It's one of the most common cancers in men, but it's one that has been overlooked for years.
Worcester Warriors moved to within four points of the Premiership play-off places with a bonus-point win over Wasps at Sixways.
A French woman has been killed in the Tunisian attack on the Bardo museum, in which at least 39 people were killed on Saturday.
The Islamic State (IS) militant group has destroyed Mosul airport in Iraq, according to new satellite imagery.
The main railway line between London and Reading will be closed for more than a week over the Easter weekend, Network Rail has said.
An oil and gas company has been granted a permit by Natural Resources Wales to carry out exploratory drilling in Gwynedd.
Online retailer Amazon has changed the way it records sales in Europe, in an effort to reduce its tax bill.
Junior doctors will go on strike on Thursday in a long-running dispute with the NHS over pay, the health secretary has said.
Oxford United midfielder Callum Kenny has signed a new one-year contract with the League One club.
A Dorset college has been awarded a £3.5m grant from the Department for Education to refurbish its buildings.
The Football Association's chairman is to meet the family of Jeff Astle, who died from a brain condition linked to boxers.
The world's multi-millionaires and billionaires have an average wealth of $50m (Â£40m), according to a leading financial expert.
Sale Sharks have extended the contracts of teenage forwards Tom and Ben Smith until the end of the 2017-18 season.
Police have released a CCTV image of a man they want to speak to in connection with a serious assault on a woman in Aberdeen.
The US has accused Egypt and other Arab countries of setting "unrealistic and unworkable conditions" for talks on nuclear disarmament.
A moratorium on fracking in Wales remains in place, the Welsh government has said.
Tyson Fury's latest victory over Wladimir Klitschko at the O2 Arena in London is the latest in a series of high-profile victories that have seen the former world heavyweight champion make headlines around the world for the wrong reasons.
England head coach Eddie Jones will name his final 23-man squad for the autumn Tests on Friday, with a number of Premiership players set to feature.
An exhibition of more than 100 paintings by a World War One veteran has opened in his home town.
Former Celtic boss Neil Lennon says Scott Brown's decision to retire from international football was "not a surprise".
A buzzard has been rescued after becoming stuck in a garden fence in Cheshire.
Workers at the Post Office are to stage a 24-hour strike in a dispute over the closure of branches and changes to pensions.
The Ulster Unionist leadership candidate has said he has no regrets about comments he made about the Renewable Heat Incentive scandal.
Police in the Republic of Ireland have seized drugs with an estimated street value of more than Â£1m in raids in Dublin.
The Sinn Féin leader Gerry Adams has said there is a "greater opportunity" to achieve a united Ireland after the UK leaves the European Union.
Morecambe manager Lee Bentley has urged his players to keep their "feet on the ground" as they move to the top of the League Two table.
The US Secretary of State, Rex Tillerson, has rejected a list of demands put on Qatar by fellow Gulf states in a diplomatic row.
UKIP's former deputy leader Diane Evans has ruled herself out of the party's leadership contest.
Police in the Indian capital, Delhi, have charged an Uber taxi driver with rape after a woman was allegedly taken to a secluded area and raped.
As Wales' players and fans sang their national anthem, 'Hen Wlad Fy Nhadau', it was hard not to be moved by the intensity of the crowd.
Renfrewshire has been named the most deprived area in Scotland for the second year running.
Olympic silver medallist Jack Cassells and Ireland's Paul Scrimgeour won their lightweight double sculls semi-final at the European Rowing Championships in Rotterdam.
Raith Rovers have signed former Kilmarnock midfielder Callum Johnston for an undisclosed fee.
James Milner scored a late winner as Liverpool came from behind to beat Swansea City, who remain without a win under manager Francesco Guidolin.
Rugby union has been in the news recently for a number of reasons.
Radiohead will headline this year's TRNSMT music festival in Glasgow, it has been announced.
The US has called on North Korea to stop "irresponsible provocations" after Pyongyang said it had restarted a nuclear reactor.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after human bones were found in a search for a man who disappeared 25 years ago.
"Hello, I'm Marwan Koukash, and I'm the owner of Salford City Reds."
Ciecilia and Isobel Joyce both took four wickets as Ireland beat Zimbabwe by eight wickets to set up a crucial World Twenty20 qualifier against Scotland.
A hospital where a patient died after being mistakenly given a pill by an agency nurse has been placed in special measures.
Britain's Mark Cavendish is in the quarter-finals of the men's individual pursuit at the Rio Olympics.
Northern Ireland's health service is to receive an extra £100m over the next two years.
Tyler and Cameron Winklevoss, the twins who were at the centre of a long-running legal dispute with Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg, have filed a new lawsuit against the social network.
A 15-year-old girl has died after being hit by a car.
Harry Chapman Pincher, who has died at the age of 100, was one of Britain's best-known journalists.
Birmingham City have completed the signing of Dundee striker Scott Stewart for an undisclosed fee on a three-year deal.
A former soldier arrested as part of an inquiry into alleged payments to public officials has been released without charge, the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) has said.
A care home has been rated as "unsatisfactory" by inspectors, while another has been given a "weak" rating.
Four men have been arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to commit murder and possession of a firearm in north London.
Power has been restored to the remaining 10,000 properties left without electricity after a substation in Lancashire went offline.
A High Court judge has quashed a government decision to refuse planning permission for more than 1,000 homes.
Businesses on the Isle of Wight have called for compensation for damage caused by the troubled Solent ferry.
French Ligue 1 side Lille have completed the signing of Tunisia midfielder Youssef Sliti from Paris St-Germain for an undisclosed fee.
Astronaut Tim Peake has just returned to Earth after spending time on board the International Space Station.
Belfast cyclist Simon Irvine has been named BBC Northern Ireland Sports Personality of the Year for 2016.
An Italian military aircraft has landed at Prestwick Airport in Ayrshire after it lost contact with air traffic control.
Police have been granted more time to question five men arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences.
The Euro 2016 football tournament gets under way in France later this month, with hosts France hosting the tournament for the first time.
Great Britain's men's basketball team will face Greece in a pre-EuroBasket warm-up game at the Copper Box in London on Saturday.
Wales' hopes of reaching the Rugby World Cup quarter-finals suffered a blow as they were beaten by Australia at Twickenham.
Scotland will give Vern Cotter a "good send-off" when he leaves as head coach at the end of the Six Nations, says Andrew Strauss.
The so-called Islamic State (IS) group is a "serious threat" to the US-led coalition fighting it in Iraq, former CIA director David Petraeus has told the BBC.
More than 100,000 email addresses have been accessed in a cyber attack on the City of Edinburgh Council.
Rebels in Syria say they have launched a major offensive against government forces in the north-east of the country.
Instagram, the photo-sharing service owned by Facebook, has announced that it is introducing advertising on its platform.
Actor Michael Hall is to open this year's Mercury Music Prize ceremony in London, where David Bowie will be honoured for his work.
A former Metropolitan Police detective has been found not guilty of indecently assaulting a prisoner in 1986.
Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns has called on the UK government to secure a "satisfactory deal" on Brexit.
Families of victims of the Hillsborough disaster have called on the home secretary to introduce a law to make it easier for public officials to cooperate with investigations.
Bullying and cyber-bullying could be prosecuted in the same way as offences committed offline, under new rules.
At the age of nine, Faizan Ahmed was taken to his grandmother's home in the Indian-administered part of Kashmir where he grew up.
A woman in her 50s has died after being hit by a truck in Gwynedd.
Four bidders have been shortlisted for the Welsh Government's first rail franchise in more than a decade.
Veteran broadcaster Robbie Robertson is to step down from BBC Scotland's Take the Floor after more than 30 years.
Preston manager Chris Coleman has accused the Football League of giving Carlisle United an unfair advantage by allowing the Cumbrians to play home games at neutral grounds.
Two Manchester United fans have been found in the stands at Old Trafford after cutting themselves off from the rest of the club's supporters.
Accrington Stanley came from behind to beat Preston North End in extra time and reach the EFL Cup third round.
A shopkeeper who had his tools stolen has been told they have been found and will be returned to him.
Olympic silver medallist Laura Muir says she is "gutted" she will miss the 2018 Commonwealth Games.
Southend United striker Nile Ranger will miss the start of the season after being jailed for fraud.
A book of condolence has been opened in memory of Sir Terry Wogan in the Republic of Ireland.
Scotland's political parties have called for an end to uncertainty over the future of the Clyde shipyards.
Republican front-runner Donald Trump and his rivals for the party's presidential nomination have clashed in their final debate before next week's primaries.
Ukraine has won the Eurovision Song Contest for the second year in a row, beating Russia and Australia to the title.
Lifeguards are to be deployed at a popular beach where five people drowned last year.
Partick Thistle captain Arnaud Osman says the club's players would be disappointed if manager Alan Archibald were to leave Firhill.
Canadian police have arrested 10 people suspected of trying to travel to Syria to fight with so-called Islamic State (IS).
York City have signed Hull City midfielder Jordan Dixon on loan until the end of the season.
The NHS in England could save £500m a year if it cut the number of foreign patients it treats, the government has said.
Belfast Giants moved level on points with Elite League leaders Cardiff Devils after beating Braehead Clan 4-1 on Monday night.
One of the world's most famous locomotives, the Flying Scotsman, is set to make its return to the rails.
A man who claims he was sexually abused as a boy at an East Yorkshire Catholic school has been awarded Â£10,000 in damages.
Harry Potter spin-off Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them has topped the UK and Ireland box office in its opening weekend.
Britain's Lizzie Williamson says she is lucky to be alive after a crash at the European Track Championships in Rotterdam.
The gap between the life expectancy of men and women at the age of 30 has almost halved in the last 20 years, according to a Cardiff University professor.
A former police chief resigned from his post to appear on BBC's Question Time.
"If you want to know what's going on in China, just ask Stephen King," says one of the country's leading economic experts.
Plans to build a £1bn super sewer under the River Thames should be shelved because of the cost, a leading economist has claimed.
The company behind the Swansea tidal lagoon project has accused Natural Resources Wales (NRW) of publishing "unrealistic and grossly misleading" figures about its impact on fish.
Sale Sharks have signed Scotland forward Josh Strauss from Glasgow Warriors on a two-year deal.
A China Eastern Airlines flight was forced to make an emergency landing after a hole was found in an engine.
The government has said it will reconsider a decision to force a woman from the UK to live with her husband in Spain.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England.
Czech national team boss Tomas Fitzel has backed the idea of a 16-team Scottish Premier League.
The Democratic Republic of Congo's President Joseph Kabila has appointed opposition leader Felix Tshibala as his transitional prime minister.
Wycombe moved into the League Two play-off places with victory over Exeter thanks to Adebayo Akinfenwa's 85th-minute winner.
Journalists at Australia's Fairfax Media have gone on strike in protest at plans to cut more than 100 jobs.
Trainer Richard Hannon says teenage jockey Marquand Moore has the potential to become a champion jockey one day.
Negotiators from Colombia's Farc rebel group and the government have agreed to resume peace talks, which were suspended after the Farc kidnapped a top military commander.
Blackburn Rovers have been charged by the Football Association with failing to control their players following the red card shown to defender Michael Akpan.
An Australian study has shed new light on the behaviour of octopuses, shedding light on how the animals communicate.
Former British number one Laura Robson will return to Nottingham for the first time since 2013 at the start of the grass-court season.
The government of the Democratic Republic of Congo has said it will not exhum the bodies of more than 100 people found buried in a field near the capital, Kinshasa.
Southampton boss Ronald Koeman is set to be appointed Everton manager, BBC Radio 5 live understands.
The government's housing White Paper is the latest in a series of announcements about what it wants to do about the country's housing crisis.
Five Turkish soldiers have been killed and more than 20 injured in an attack by Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK) militants, the Turkish army says.
Police searching for a missing teenager have found a body in woodland in North Lanarkshire.
Luis Suarez is the world's most valuable player, according to a study by the CIES Football Observatory.
The solar-powered aircraft Solar Impulse has set off from China on the final leg of its attempt to fly around the world using only the Sun's energy.
A police and crime commissioner (PCC) who was suspended for breaching the force's code of conduct has had her case dismissed.
Tributes have been paid to actor Ed Herrmann, who played grandfather Richard Gilmore in the US TV series Gilmore Girls, who has died at the age of 61.
Northern Ireland captain Gareth McAuley says his side's 2-0 Euro 2016 win over Ukraine was a "very special moment" for the team.
Two legal challenges to the UK government's decision to start the process of leaving the European Union have been dismissed by the High Court in London.
The daughter of Tracey and Pierce Wilkinson, who were stabbed to death in the Black Country, has said she is "counting her blessings" after her father was discharged from hospital.
A US man sentenced to hard labour in North Korea has been released on bail, his lawyer has said.
South Korea's education minister has apologised after two questions in a high school entrance exam were found to be incorrect.
Gloucester All Golds have confirmed they have held talks with the owners of the Premiership club about a possible partnership.
A Labour MP has accused Jeremy Corbyn of trying to " isolate and ostracise" him from his family by suggesting he phoned his father.
Olympic champions Sir Bradley Wiggins and Mark Cavendish will compete in this year's Tour of Britain, organisers have announced.
A former charity worker has pleaded guilty to fraud and money laundering after a £1m fraud at the charity he worked for.
A woman from the Dalit community in the western Indian state of Maharashtra says she was beaten up by a group of women from the upper-caste community.
Ankara has accused the United States of putting Turkey on a par with a terrorist organisation after it said it had held talks with Kurdish fighters in Syria.
Mae e-byst yr esgobion yr Eglwys wedi cael ei enwebu na'i ethol yn esgob yng Nghymru gan ddweud fod "byddai esgob sy'n hoyw yn peri gormod o drafferth".
Toshiba has confirmed it is in talks with banks over possible loans.
James Anderson says England "would happily lose 2-0" as they attempt to beat Pakistan in their Champions Trophy match.
New Zealand coach Warren Gatland has accused Ireland counterpart Mike Henry of "making up the numbers" in the squad for the tour of Australia.
Rangers have signed Northern Ireland Under-21 midfielder Ryan Hodson on a two-year deal.
A decanter containing the milk of infants fed from a bottle in a camp in Sutherland more than 170 years ago has been returned to Inverness Museum.
A woman who stabbed a pensioner to death in a row over money has been jailed for life at the High Court in Belfast.
The trade in illegal guns and ammunition on the dark web is worth more than $1m (Â£700,000) a month, a Rand Corporation study has found.
Chris Rock has filed for divorce from his wife.
A man who lost more than 40 stone (254kg) has been granted a visa to return to the United States for weight-loss surgery.
A new class of drugs may be able to treat some types of prostate cancer, according to scientists at the Institute of Cancer Research.
The European football leagues are to hold a general assembly in June to decide on the future of an agreement with Uefa that allowed domestic matches to be played on the same night as European games.
Teachers are being urged to openly discuss the practice of female genital mutilation (FGM) with parents and scrutinise summer holiday plans.
Police have appealed for information after a woman was sexually assaulted in a park in Inverness.
Swansea City chairman Huw Curtis says it would be "tough" for the club to return to the Premier League if they were relegated.
The average debt owed by Welsh students at the start of repayment in 2017-18 was £19,280, according to new figures.
Police in Italy say they have arrested a man who posed as a Lufthansa pilot and sat in the cockpit of a plane.
Prime Minister David Cameron has said too many people brought to the UK as spouses or partners do not speak English.
The number of children living in poverty in Wales has more than doubled in the past decade, a charity has said.
The European Court of Justice has ruled that mobile workers should be paid for the time they spend travelling between their jobs.
Schools in Guinea have reopened for the first time since the country was hit by an Ebola outbreak in August.
The FTSE 100 has fallen for a ninth session in a row as global stock markets continued to fall.
The family of a woman murdered by a County Tyrone man have said they are "angry and fearful" that he is due to be released from prison.
Former Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Kasyanov has accused President Vladimir Putin of "silent encouragement" after a video appeared appearing to show him being shot.
Louis van Gaal knew that his side would have to beat Arsenal if they had not conceded a late winner.
Scottish brewer BrewDog has launched its first crowdfunding round in the United States, hoping to raise up to $50m (Â£35m).
Tata Steel workers in the UK have agreed to end a long-running dispute over a pension scheme.
Keurig Green Mountain has agreed to be bought by a group of investors for $7.3bn (Â£5.4bn) in cash.
A university has removed a poster mocking Jennifer Lawrence after she was the latest celebrity to have private photos leaked.
A man has been stabbed to death in an alleyway in north London.
Exeter Chiefs head coach Rob Baxter says he is not surprised by the number of players he has been unable to call up for international duty.
Celtic manager Brendan Rodgers says his side have "everything to play for" after equalling the club's record of 33 wins in a season.
The University of Londonderry has said the remaining unfinished rooms on its new £100m campus will not be ready for the start of the academic year.
A County Londonderry council has said it is "really, really disappointed" after one of its mascots failed to turn up at a Christmas lights switch on.
Aston Villa have appointed Brighton & Hove Albion assistant manager Colin Calderwood as their new first-team coach.
Wales captain Jamie Roberts says he will use his British and Irish Lions drop-out as motivation for this summer's tour.
England's performance in the win over Scotland was exactly what they needed to get their season back on track.
Great Britain missed out on a place in the men's 4x400m relay final at the World Championships in London after a baton change.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after a crash between a car and a bus in South Lanarkshire.
A 23-year-old man has died after his car was involved in a collision with a forklift truck in South Lanarkshire.
Olympic gold medallist Nicola Adams says her trainer Virgil Hunter has the ability to turn her into a world champion.
It's 70 years since the United States dropped its first atomic bomb on Japan, in the skies above Hiroshima.
The former chief executive of Anglo Irish Bank, David Drumm, has appeared in court charged with fraud and money laundering.
Lala Njava is a Malagasy singer-songwriter who has been performing for more than 30 years in her native country.
Aung San Suu Kyi, Myanmar's opposition leader, has been widely criticised for not doing enough to help the Rohingya Muslim minority in her country.
Ivan Lendl is one of my closest friends on and off the court, so it was a bit of a shock to see him at Queen's Club on Tuesday.
A 16-year-old from Glasgow has said she is glad young people can now vote in UK elections for the first time.
Nico Rosberg's decision to retire from Formula 1 at the end of the season left Mercedes boss Toto Wolff with a huge headache.
Smoking may play a role in the development of schizophrenia, according to researchers.
Four people, including two children, have been rescued after getting into difficulty on a beach in Avon.
The former Archbishop of Canterbury has said it would not be "anti-Christian" to change the law on ending the lives of terminally ill people.
Gary Lineker has described Claudio Ranieri's sacking as a "panic decision" by Leicester City's owners.
Rescue teams in the Bangladeshi capital, Dhaka, are using light equipment to try to reach survivors trapped in the rubble of a collapsed building.
Dundee United have signed Southampton goalkeeper Harry Lewis for an undisclosed fee.
Aberdeen were beaten 3-0 by Celtic in the Scottish League Cup final at Hampden Park.
When Alexander Litvinenko lay dying in his hospital bed, he was able to speak for the first time since he was poisoned by the Soviet Union.
A health board has been criticised for its handling of a £20,000 donation towards an organ donation challenge.
An elderly woman has been taken to hospital after being hit by a bin lorry in Edinburgh.
A 15-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of using a tractor as a taxi in North Yorkshire.
A man accused of pretending to be a victim of the Grenfell Tower fire has pleaded not guilty to two counts of fraud.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at some of the people who will be standing in Africa in 2017.
A man who built a mock-Tudor castle without planning permission has been ordered to demolish it or face jail.
Nottingham's new tram line has opened to the public, more than two years after it was delayed by engineering problems.
The DIY SOS team has been targeted in a series of break-ins at the Birmingham International DIY Show.
Tullow Oil has reported a loss of £1.6bn for the year to the end of December.
EE and Three are the best two mobile operators in the UK for reliability, according to a new study.
A homeless man who took a roller and drove it across the streets of Dumfries has been given a two-year driving ban.
Residents of Vila Uniao, a neighbourhood in the Brazilian city of Rio de Janeiro, have been protesting against the demolition of their homes.
The UK's nuclear regulator has moved to reduce the risk that a reactor could breach its safety margin.
A US hunter who shot dead a famous lion in Zimbabwe has said he did not know the animal was protected.
The 200th anniversary of one of the world's most famous whiskies is to be celebrated with a major fundraising drive.
Artist David Hockney was asleep in his bedroom when a man drank acid and later died, an inquest has heard.
Nigeria's Olympic rowing silver medallist Ngozi Ukogu was mistaken for a bronze medal by US rapper Snoop Dogg, it has emerged.
A plane travelling from Edinburgh to Chicago had to make a second emergency landing in 24 hours after taking off.
The Manchester City Games and the Great Manchester Run are among events being cancelled or postponed in the wake of Monday's terror attack.
The government has been criticised for spending more than £1bn on academies in England in the two years since the election.
When Russell Knox arrived at the Scottish Open at Royal Troon this week, he greeted the assembled media with a smile and a question.
The mother of missing teenager Charlene Downes is taking legal action against Lancashire Police.
Police in Rio say they have made contact with the president of the International Olympic Committee (IOC), Thomas Bach, as part of an investigation into alleged illegal Olympic ticket sales.
Malawi's first female president, Joyce Banda, has been greeted with a mixture of jubilation and derision in the country.
The draw for the first round of the Carabao Cup has been made by the English Football League.
Three pygmy marmosets that were stolen from a zoo in Sydney, Australia, have been returned to their owners.
Women are being held back by a layer of male "permafrost" in the UK's intelligence services.
The leader of the Ahmadiyya Muslim community has condemned the Westminster terror attack as a "barbaric atrocity".
Singer Charlotte Church has announced that she has lost her baby.
A man who caused the deaths of two men in a car crash while being chased by police has been jailed for 10 years.
A County Antrim woman has said she is "happy" after undergoing gender reassignment surgery.
Astronomers have discovered the youngest planet ever found outside our Solar System - and it's bigger than Jupiter!
Campaigners have set up a campsite in Newport ahead of next week's Nato summit.
A man has been arrested by police investigating claims Pippa Middleton's social media account was hacked and pictures of her children offered to a newspaper.
The Polish ambassador to the UK has called on all Polish nationals who fall victim to "xenophobic abuse" to report it to police.
Ospreys have signed former Scarlets flanker Rob McCusker on a short-term deal.
Gunmen have ambushed a Saudi prince's motorcade in Paris, stealing 250,000 euros (Â£200,000; $300,000) in cash and official documents.
If you want to know what it's like to referee at the Olympics, the words 'women in' and 'women on the pitch' are probably not the first things that come to mind.
More than 3,000 people were left without phone and broadband services in Shetland after a power cut on Friday.
A school's prom has been cancelled because of "significant focus and distraction" caused by the event, it has been claimed.
Mohamed is one of the thousands of people trying to cross into Turkey from Syria.
Former Leicestershire boss Gary Porter has returned to the club as director of football.
Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg has admitted to dozing off during last year's State of the Union speech.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences.
New Zealand's Prime Minister John Key has announced he will step down next month.
Labour has accused the Conservatives of promoting "personal attacks" against its MPs on social media.
A taxi driver has been asked to come forward in connection with an attempted kidnap in Derby.
A food truck that is training former gang members to become "straight and narrow" offenders is to expand its operations.
A man convicted of raping a woman in Edinburgh 10 years ago is on a most-wanted list in the Netherlands.
Police in the US city of Dallas have stepped up security at their headquarters, moving armoured vehicles close to the building.
A man who groomed a 12-year-old boy on Facebook before sexually abusing him has been jailed for 12 years.
Samantha Chandrasekaran is the latest member of the International Space Station (ISS).
A councillor has been warned by a council that it will seek a High Court injunction to stop her taking part in protests against tree felling.
Team Sky riders Geraint Thomas and Peter Kennaugh have backed team boss Dave Brailsford in the wake of the latest doping controversy.
Snap, the company behind the messaging app Snapchat, has announced it is developing a pair of smart glasses that can record video.
Guinea-Bissau's football players have received their bonuses for qualifying for the Africa Cup of Nations, the country's government says.
David Cameron has said the government will make a decision on a proposed satellite grammar school in Sevenoaks "properly".
Bristol City came from two goals down to beat 10-man Watford in the EFL Cup first round.
Two wings at a prison in Wiltshire have been "destroyed" by inmates, the Prison Officers' Association has said.
England Test batsman Joe Root has praised coach Peter Moores after being named player of the year for the second year running.
Morecambe boss Grant McCann says he will not give up on the League One play-offs after his side's 2-0 win over Peterborough United.
A public inquiry has begun into plans to build more than 1,000 homes on the site of a former military base.
A railway line which was closed for more than a week after a section of track collapsed is expected to reopen next week.
A detective constable who claimed he saw a monkey toy on a colleague's desk has been cleared of making up the story.
Philippine President-elect Rodrigo Duterte has said journalists should be killed because they "deserve it".
A surfer who was seriously injured in a shark attack in Western Australia has died in hospital.
A man has been airlifted to hospital after getting into difficulty in the water at an RNLI event in Gwynedd.
Botswana has a reputation as one of Africa's most stable and stable countries.
A mother accused of murdering her toddler had a history of injuries which would have made breathing "very painful", a court heard.
Dundee United manager Mixu Paatelainen praised his side's "mental toughness" after they came from behind to beat 10-man St Johnstone at McDiarmid Park.
A man has been found guilty of killing his ex-girlfriend after she sent him text messages saying she feared for her life.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after he was rescued from a dyke by three motorcyclists.
The number of armed police officers in England and Wales is to be doubled to 1,500, Metropolitan Police Commissioner Sir Bernard Hogan-Howe has said.
Italy's lower house of parliament has approved a controversial electoral reform that aims to end the country's political deadlock.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed higher on Wednesday, boosted by a rise in banking shares and telecoms stocks.
A driver who caused the death of a three-year-old boy in a crash has been jailed for four years.
Paralympic champions Isobel Peacock, Jo Cox and Laura Cockroft have been named in the Great Britain team for the 2017 World Para-athletics Championships.
The father of a woman who was allegedly raped in Afghanistan has said the president of the country has assured him the perpetrators will be brought to justice.
A man who broke through the roof of his girlfriend's home and threatened her with a knife has been jailed for six months.
Warwickshire made a solid start to their reply to Somerset's huge first-innings total on day three of their County Championship match.
Mickey Demetriou's free-kick gave Newport County their first win under new manager Mike Flynn.
Jack Grealish scored a hat-trick as England thrashed Guinea 6-1 in their second game at the Under-20 World Cup.
Labour MP Emily Thornberry has been accused of "sneering" after posting a picture on Facebook of a house she had never seen.
The Carpenters singer Paul Carpenter is suing the record label that has released his band's music for more than 50 years.
Scottish Enterprise is sending a delegation to Myanmar to help develop the country's oil and gas industry.
The BBC's Will Grant has been to the Dominican Republic's Parc Cadeau migrant camp, where thousands of Haitians are returning to their homeland after being forced to leave.
A Surrey school is to be expanded to cope with an "unprecedented demand" for places.
Portsmouth have made their third summer signing by bringing in Congolese international Mathieu Linganzi on a short-term deal.
Ulster pair Craig Henderson and Tommy Bowe are set to return from injury for Saturday's Pro12 game against Zebre.
Councillors in a Brecon Beacons town have voted to oppose plans to turn a pub into a convenience store.
Aberdeen were held to a draw by Inverness Caledonian Thistle in the Scottish Championship.
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott has been urged to do more to help refugees from the Middle East as he faces pressure from his own party.
More than 30 scientists and academics have called on the Scottish government to reconsider plans to ban the cultivation of genetically modified crops in Scotland.
A Muslim women's group has defended a primary school after a seven-year-old girl was banned from wearing a headscarf.
A man who fraudulently claimed more than £39,000 in benefits has been jailed for six months.
A man has been found guilty of the manslaughter of a pensioner who was stabbed to death in West Sussex.
The UK economy grew by 0.3% in the second quarter of the year, the Office for National Statistics (ONS) has said.
The Women's World Cup in Canada has been a huge success for women's football in the country and we hope it will be the same for us in England.
UKIP Wales leader Nigel Farage has been accused of being "ageist" over the appointment of Neil Hamilton as the party's assembly group leader.
Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho says his side's performance against Manchester United was "the game we wanted and expected".
The quality of life for older people in residential care in Wales is to be reviewed by a new watchdog.
The new chief executive of Welsh language broadcaster S4C has been named as Gareth Evans.
Mae'r blaid Lafur wedi dweud y bydd yn pleidleisio gyda'r llywodraeth yng Nghaerdydd.
Scientists from Oxford and Lausanne are teaming up to test claims of mythical "yetis" in the Himalayas, in what they say is the first such study.
Uefa has accused the World Anti-Doping Agency (Wada) of being "inadequate" in its investigation into Liverpool midfielder Mamadou Sakho's failed drugs test.
The UK's science watchdog has called on the government to speed up approval of genetically modified (GM) crops.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England - the gallery will grow during the week.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has condemned as "utterly mistaken" comments by the deputy chief of staff about the Holocaust.
Plans to cut S4C's funding have been put on hold while a review into the broadcaster's funding is carried out.
Passengers travelling from Edinburgh to Glasgow are being warned to expect longer journey times as a major engineering project takes place.
Liverpool owner Marwan Al Hasawi has confirmed that the club are being sold.
There has been a small rise in the proportion of pupils getting top A* and A grades in this year's GCSEs.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has warned that global economic growth could slow to 3.2% this year and 3.5% in 2017.
Former Texas Governor Rick Perry will not take part in the first televised Republican debate of the 2016 presidential campaign.
Leicester Tigers have extended the loan spell of England back-row Ellis Genge from Bristol until the end of the season.
Thousands of workers at the DVLA in Swansea could lose their jobs when an electronic payment system is introduced, the finance minister has said.
Worcestershire director of cricket Steve Rhodes says the introduction of flat pitches in the County Championship has worked.
Have you ever wondered what it would be like to live next to Facebook?
A teenage boy has appeared in court charged with the murder of 14-year-old Bailey Gwynne at an Aberdeen school.
Walsall have signed Carlisle United goalkeeper Joe Ward on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Three teenagers jailed for the murder of a teenager who was stabbed to death have had their sentences increased by the Court of Appeal.
It was a scene you would not want to see in the early hours of Monday morning.
A century after the Sykes-Picot peace treaty was signed by Britain and France, the Middle East is once again embroiled in a political crisis.
Celtic winger Patrick Roberts says he wants to return to Manchester City when his current contract expires at the end of the season.
Premier League teams spent a record £174m on agents and intermediaries in the 2016-17 season, according to the first full-year figures.
League Two side Colchester United have signed former Watford goalkeeper David Gilmartin and goalkeeper David Brill.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo meets Tor co-creator Dingledine.
A couple who were found dead in their garage were unlawfully killed, an inquest has heard.
Gordon Strachan spoke at half-time on the opening day of Scotland's World Cup qualifier against Malta.
Bury moved out of the League One relegation zone with a comfortable victory over Coventry City.
At least 46 Vietnamese asylum seekers have been sent back to their country after their boat was scuttled off Australia's coast, the government says.
World champion Marc Marquez extended his lead at the top of the MotoGP standings with victory in the Qatar Grand Prix.
Olympic champion Helen Glover says she is ready to defend her world title with new partner Polly Swann at the World Cup event in Amsterdam.
Nick Clegg has accused the Conservatives of "ditching" the coalition's "commitment to fairness" in his final speech as Lib Dem leader.
China's industrial production rose at a slower-than-expected pace in April, adding to signs that the world's second largest economy is losing momentum.
More than a new way of playing video games, the XBox Kinect system has been hailed as a game-changer by Microsoft, which believes it can revolutionise the way we work and communicate.
Welsh voters have gone to the polls in the general election to elect MPs to the House of Commons and assembly.
Hartlepool United have signed Reading midfielder Nkosi Tshibola and Mansfield Town striker Josh Bingham on loan until the end of the season.
Voting is under way in the general election in Merseyside.
A poster asking people to pray for a teenager who has been diagnosed with cancer has been spotted on a major road in County Down.
Hundreds of thousands of people have taken part in the Pride London parade in central London.
Up to 230 jobs could be lost after a helicopter manufacturer said it would no longer make parts for a GKN-owned factory.
A man has appeared in court accused of kidnapping and assaulting a woman in east Belfast.
Nato documents have revealed how the UK claimed Rockall, an uninhabited volcanic island in the Western Isles, as its own.
The artist behind The Beatles' Sgt Pepper album has been honoured for his contribution to Liverpool's cultural life.
National League side Alfreton Town have signed York City defender Ryan Mooney on loan until the end of the season.
The UK government has published its long-term strategy for renewable energy, which aims to reduce the country's carbon footprint.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has cut its forecast for the UK budget after the election.
Sophie Raworth is to join the presenters of BBC One's Watchdog following Anne Robinson's departure.
The president of the Italian Football Association (LFA) has been told to resign from a Fifa committee because he has a "conflict of interest".
A man has been jailed for life for the rape and murder of a teenage girl who was found stabbed to death in her bed more than 30 years ago.
Spending by the BBC in England and Wales increased by more than £1bn between 2014 and 2015, the corporation has said.
Welshman Mark Williams lost 10-2 to world number one Ding Junhui in the first round of the World Championship at the Crucible.
The US has said it will resume security assistance to Bahrain, despite criticism from rights groups.
A ticket for The Beatles' first UK tour in 1963 is expected to fetch up to £4,000 when it is auctioned.
Young people leaving care in England are being let down by the system, a group of MPs has said.
Requiring schools to promote "fundamental British values" could have "unintended consequences", a teachers' union has warned.
A body has been found in the search for a Denbighshire man who has been missing since Saturday.
British actor David Oyelowo has said Benedict Cumberbatch's use of the word "coloured" was "ridiculous".
Vulnerable people in care homes and hospitals in England and Wales are being deprived of their liberty, the Law Commission has said.
Margaret Thatcher's time as prime minister has been marked by a series of policies that have had an impact on our finances.
A major oil discovery has been made in the North Sea by GDF Suez and BP, it has been announced.
Red Bull are no longer in talks with Mercedes about supplying them with engines for the 2016 season.
Hundreds of passengers on a cruise ship that ran aground in the Gulf of Mexico have disembarked in the US.
Harlequins eased into the European Challenge Cup semi-finals with a bonus-point win over London Irish at The Stoop.
The States of Guernsey has launched a consultation on the potential for development in 10 more areas of the island.
A screening of the Oscar-winning film Slumdog Millionaire will be held in Kingussie later.
Marcus Trescothick and James Trego shared an unbroken third-wicket stand of 181 to keep Somerset in the game against Middlesex.
A government-commissioned report into the so-called 'Trojan Horse' schools scandal in Birmingham has found evidence of a "sustained and co-ordinated agenda to impose a hardline and politicised strain of Sunni Islam".
Venezuela's National Assembly has been left in the dark after power went off during a debate on energy policy.
A woman in Hanoi has spent more than two months in hospital trying to get her son a referral for eye surgery.
Argentina says it will seek the extradition of the directors of four oil and gas companies operating in the Falklands.
Two of England's best-known rugby players started their careers at the same club, it has been revealed.
An Italian woman who has lived for more than 100 years has died at the age of 116.
Scarlets scrum-half Ken Owens says Racing 92 are the best team in Europe and will be hard to beat when they visit in the Champions Cup on Saturday.
Widnes Vikings moved off the bottom of the Super League table with a hard-fought victory over St Helens at Langtree Park.
A boxer who was barred from competing for Team Wales because of her kickboxing past has become a professional.
Maria Sharapova made a winning return to action at the Stuttgart Open with a 6-4 7-5 victory over world number 40 Anastasija Sevastova.
World number one Novak Djokovic beat defending champion Kei Nishikori in straight sets to win the Japan Open in Tokyo.
Falkirk manager Peter Houston has not ruled out bringing in a new striker in the January transfer window.
French President Francois Hollande has criticised the EU, saying it needs to "listen to the people" more.
UKIP leader Nigel Farage has accused the Conservatives and Labour of making "false promises" on immigration.
The UK should renew its Trident nuclear weapons system, Theresa May has said.
Bin collections in England will be supported by £1.5m of government funding, the government has announced.
Archaeologists believe they have discovered the remains of one of the world's most mysterious ancient sites.
Tom Walsh kicked Catalans Dragons to their second Super League win of the season as they came from behind to beat Hull FC at the KCOM Stadium.
Sir Christopher Lee has released a new album, Metal Knight, which features covers of Don Quixote and Frank Sinatra songs.
Cardiff City manager Ole Gunnar Solskjaer has left the club after less than two years in charge.
Sunderland manager Sam Allardyce says he does not want to go through what he went through to save the club from relegation again.
Cleveland Police and Crime Commissioner Mark Rowley has been re-elected for a second term.
The Queen has been spotted eating out at a historic Edinburgh pub for the first time in more than 300 years.
A father-of-four from Liverpool, Stephen Copoc travelled to Hillsborough with a group of friends, who all survived.
A US marine has been found guilty of killing a transgender woman in the Philippines.
Former British number one Jamie Fleming has called for an end to match-fixing in tennis.
The US military is considering whether to allow transgender soldier Pte Chelsea Manning to be treated in a civilian prison.
Prime Minister David Cameron is to reject Iain Duncan Smith's claims of a rift in the Conservative Party, Downing Street says.
British number one Heather Watson has been knocked out of the Wuhan Open in South Korea in the second round by American Jennifer Brady.
When you're the oldest person in the world, it can be hard to find things to occupy your time.
Mercedes will start the Belgian Grand Prix from the back of the grid for the first time this season.
St Johnstone have signed Northern Ireland international Kyle McClean on a free transfer.
Disney is one of the most powerful companies in the world of entertainment.
The number of students placed on to university courses through the so-called "clearing" system has hit a record high, official figures show.
The use of phosphorus, a key ingredient in the production of milk and meat, is set to rise sharply.
Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper has said his party is considering a ban on foreign buyers of Canadian homes.
A three-year-old boy who had a double liver transplant has made "satisfactory" progress, his grandmother has said.
A Cumbrian charity founder has been given a suspended jail sentence for defrauding a charity set up in memory of a teenager who died from cancer.
A former police community support officer (PCSO) has been jailed for six years for grooming and sexual activity with a child.
ScotRail has said it has reached an in-principle agreement with the RMT union in a long-running dispute over the role of conductors.
A humpback whale has been spotted in the Firth of Forth, prompting a warning from police.
Sheffield Panthers beat Cardiff Devils 5-2 in the Challenge Cup semi-final at the Ice Arena Sheffield on Saturday.
Singer and former Miss America Phyllis Williams has apologised for the way she was treated during the pageant's 35-year history.
Four decommissioned Royal Navy frigates have been put up for sale to a UK ship recycler.
The company behind plans for a major electricity interconnector between the Western Isles and the mainland has submitted further details of the project.
Sweden's former foreign minister, Johan Gustafsson, has been freed by al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb, two years after he was kidnapped.
Goals from Will Grigg, Nick Powell and an own goal helped Wigan Athletic to a comfortable victory over Blackburn Rovers.
Children with type 1 diabetes in Wales are being kept in hospital for longer than other children, according to research.
Nottingham Forest came from behind to draw with Preston North End in the Championship.
The father of a man shot dead by police in Venezuela has called on President Nicolás Maduro to help clear his son's name.
The author of the so-called "Boston tapes" has been served with a court order to hand over the material to Boston College.
A tortoise has been stolen from a tank at a pet shop while the owner was at the till.
A case of bird flu has been confirmed at a farm in Boston, the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs has said.
The United Nations refugee agency (UNHCR) has accused Cameroon of forcibly returning thousands of refugees to Nigeria.
The family of a girl who drowned in a swimming pool when she was a seven-year-old have won a High Court battle against the council.
Middlesbrough midfielder Adama Carayol says he has been invited to play for Gambia for the first time.
Burundi's ruling party has won parliamentary elections after months of unrest that have left more than 150 people dead.
More than 1,500 savings rate cuts have been made since the start of the year, according to new research.
The Queensferry Crossing has been given World Heritage status by the United Nations.
The Scottish Football Association has confirmed that Gordon Strachan will remain in charge of the national team.
A tree that can grow in the deserts of Egypt and Israel could capture up to 25 tonnes of carbon dioxide from the atmosphere every year, according to German scientists.
Scotland's political leaders have clashed on the final day of campaigning ahead of Friday's general election.
The family of Burkina Faso's ex-President Blaise Sankara have asked French authorities to declassify military documents relating to his assassination, his lawyer says.
Rescue workers in the Indian state of Goa are searching for survivors after a bridge collapsed, killing at least 10 people.
Edinburgh has more traffic "pinch points" than any other city in the UK, according to new research.
A Falkirk man has been found guilty of voyeurism after secretly filming women from the waist down in a retail park.
Police in the US state of Texas have launched an investigation into the suspected kidnapping of more than 100 people.
St Johnstone manager Tommy Wright says his players will face the "hardest punishment" if they are found guilty of punching and kicking Ross Swanson during Saturday's 1-0 defeat by St Johnstone.
Sam Smith has been nominated for five Grammy Awards, including best new artist.
Millions of Muslims around the world are celebrating Eid al-Fitr, the end of Ramadan.
Two men have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a teenager was stabbed and a shotgun was fired in the same street.
The partner of a woman who was found dead in her prison cell said she wanted to move to a women's prison, an inquest has heard.
The number of personal insolvencies in Scotland rose in the second quarter of the year, according to new figures.
A group of primary school children were seriously injured when a tractor trailer they were travelling in overturned.
Andy Murray remains on course to become the first British man to win four Davis Cup titles when he takes on Belgium in Sunday's final in Belgium.
Britain's Anthony Joshua says he has been "pushed to places I've never been before" as he prepares to fight Wladimir Klitschko on Saturday.
Pope Francis has led a Good Friday service in Rome to highlight the persecution of Christians by Islamist militants.
A judge in the US state of Colorado has ordered the media not to use the name of the man accused of killing 12 people in a shooting at a cinema.
Bolivia's government says it will spend $1.5m (Â£1.1m) on fumigation to control a plague of locusts that has devastated thousands of hectares of agricultural land.
Former Wales captain Gareth Edwards has been made a CBE in the Queen's Birthday Honours list.
Scotland's World Cup qualifying hopes suffered a further blow with a 1-0 defeat by England at Hampden.
The emperor penguin is "more adaptable" than previously thought, according to new research.
A polar bear cub has been born in Scotland for the first time in more than 20 years.
Michael Martin will race for the second year in a row in the Superbike class at this year's Isle of Man TT, replacing Martin McGuinness, who finished fourth last year.
Oscar Pistorius, the South African athlete who shot dead his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp, has been released from prison after being sentenced to five years.
A whale has been spotted swimming in Belfast Harbour, the Department of Agriculture has said.
A Texas grand jury has declined to indict a police officer over the death of a black woman who was found dead in her car.
Fleetwood and Shrewsbury played out a goalless draw in the first round of the FA Cup.
Louis Tomlinson's "I love you" tweet has become the most retweeted ever.
A court in Chile has sentenced a German man to 20 years in prison for his role in the creation of a Nazi-style commune in the 1960s.
Two new Welsh MPs have been giving their first speeches since taking their seats in the Commons.
In the olden days, there was a fairground in Simi Hills, California, where you could go and get your hands dirty.
A community-run pub has been named the best in the UK in a competition to find the best community pub.
Mexico has launched an investigation into allegations that fake medicine was used in state hospitals in the eastern state of Veracruz.
Scientists at the Large Hadron Collider (LHC) in Switzerland have measured the decay of a particle known as in a new study.
Cheltenham Tigers could go out of business if their fans do not return, according to the club's chairman, Gary Hughes.
Hundreds of mourners have attended the funeral of a soldier who died while taking part in the Edinburgh Half Marathon.
A teenager who was held at knifepoint and sexually assaulted by two men in his home has said he thought he was going to die.
A US soldier killed in an attack by so-called Islamic State (IS) in Syria has been named by the US military.
Zac Efron, Bradley Cooper and Channing Tatum were among the stars who picked up awards at this year's MTV Movie Awards.
Plymouth Argyle striker Jordan Spencer has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Chelsea striker Radamel Falcao has been left out of the Premier League squad for the visit of Manchester City on Tuesday.
An endangered bottlenose dolphin has died off the coast of Spain after being harassed and abused by tourists.
Two men have been assaulted by a gang of men during a raid on a house in Kilmarnock.
A Gwynedd doctor is encouraging people to climb a mountain every day for a month in a bid to improve their health.
At the age of 25, Indian media professional Shilpa Kewlani is one of the country's first Miss Wheelchair India contestants.
More than 1,000 properties across Northern Ireland were left without power on Saturday night.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death in the early hours.
Plans for a £100m cycle path across Edinburgh have been given the go-ahead by the city council.
Maternity services in Wales are at risk of "deterioration" because of cuts to training, a report has warned.
A former head of counter-terrorism for the Home Office has said the 2003 invasion of Iraq was a "catastrophic mistake".
The field for Friday's Grand National at Aintree has been announced, with 10 horses missing out on a place in Friday's race.
Teachers in Northern Ireland have been "misled" about the scale of industrial action, the chief executive of the Education Authority has said.
Thousands of people are heading to Chester Zoo in the UK this weekend to count the animals.
The number of people arrested at UK airports on suspicion of drink-driving has more than doubled in the past year, figures obtained by BBC Panorama show.
A 19-year-old man has been arrested in Germany on suspicion of murdering a 15-month-old boy whose body was found in a cellar after it was found on the dark web.
The Green Party's Caroline Lucas has said the party wants to remain in the European Union if it wins the general election.
An NHS trust which was criticised for failing to protect patients at high risk of suicide has been rated "outstanding" by inspectors.
Two members of a Bangladeshi gay rights group have been hacked to death in the capital, Dhaka.
Rule The World, who won the Grand National for Gigginstown House Stud, has been retired from racing.
The first doses of a new Ebola vaccine are due to arrive in Liberia in the next few days.
Police searching for a missing Inverness man have made a fresh attempt to find him in the early hours.
Former Coronation Street star Geoffrey Hughes has died at the age of 74.
The number of women dying from lung cancer in Scotland has more than trebled in the past 40 years, according to new figures.
A search for a Scottish botanist who has been missing in Vietnam for more than a month is due to begin on Tuesday.
The average price of petrol and diesel has risen by more than 5p per litre in the past month, according to the latest figures from the RAC.
A university has written to its residents warning them about the behaviour of some of its students.
The centenary of the birth of American playwright Arthur Miller is being marked with a series of events across the country.
A visiting ban has been extended at a Merseyside hospital following an outbreak of norovirus.
A man has appeared in court charged in connection with an acid attack in which two men were injured.
A court in France has ruled that the cross-channel ferry firm SeaFrance must be liquidated, with the loss of more than 1,000 jobs in the UK.
Tens of thousands of people have taken part in a protest in Jordan's capital, Jordan City, against King Abdullah II's decision to dissolve parliament.
Milly Dowler's killer Levi Bellfield has asked for a copy of a "covert tape" used to record his confession to police.
Israel's cabinet has voted in favour of decriminalising the possession of small amounts of marijuana.
Derek McInnes has "come up trumps again" as Aberdeen manager, according to former Pittodrie captain Lee Thompson.
Everton striker Romelu Lukaku says he is in talks with the club about a new deal.
Uzbekistan's President Islam Karimov has died at the age of 90.
A previously unreleased Led Zeppelin session recorded for the BBC in 1971 has been re-released.
The history of Wales goes back more than 1,000 years to the time of Llywelyn ap Gruffudd.
A prison officer has been injured after being attacked with a razor at a prison in County Antrim.
The number of people returning Christmas gifts is expected to hit a record high on Tuesday, postal officials say.
Northern Ireland's health minister has called on people to embrace change and allow the NHS to move with the times.
A schoolgirl who escaped unhurt in a coach crash in Belgium last month is still "emotionally not quite right", her father said.
Dundee moved off the bottom of the Premiership with victory over Motherwell, who had a goal ruled out for offside in the first half.
Dundee United are interested in re-signing former Rangers midfielder Barry Daly, BBC Scotland understands.
Ipswich Town's poor run of form continued as they were beaten by Derby County at Portman Road.
Oil prices have risen above $50 a barrel for the first time in more than a year after US inventories fell.
A man who drove a Porsche around Beijing in under three minutes has been arrested, Chinese state media report.
More than half of councils in England have not built enough affordable homes under the government's Right to Buy scheme, housing charity Shelter has said.
Russian MPs are set to approve a bill that would restrict foreign ownership of media outlets, amid tensions with Ukraine.
Plans to demolish two fire stations in the West Midlands have been given the go-ahead.
A man has been arrested after a car was stolen with two children in the back.
Eastleigh have signed Portsmouth striker Jamie Tubbs on loan.
European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker has set out his plans for dealing with the migrant crisis in a speech to MEPs.
Northampton Town's former chairman David Cardoza and his father were given millions of pounds in a dispute over the redevelopment of the club's Sixfields stadium.
A row between Russia's Chechen leader and the country's main opposition group has escalated into a full-on war of words.
Haiti's former police chief, Guy Philippe, has appeared in a US court on charges of drug trafficking and money laundering.
A health trust is offering free accommodation to new nurses in a bid to tackle a shortage of staff.
Nine people have been arrested in connection with the collapse of a building in the Indian city of Mumbai that killed at least 80 people, police say.
French footballer Karim Benzema has been placed under formal investigation over an alleged attempt to blackmail him with a sex tape.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle have signed midfielder Jordan Chow on a two-year deal.
Aston Villa have appointed Tom Fox as their new chief executive.
Lancashire wrapped up their first County Championship win of the season with a seven-wicket victory over Hampshire at Southampton.
More than 25,000 people are expected to take part in Christmas swims across the UK this year, according to the organisation that organises them.
Cao Lei, Chen Xiexia and Liu Chunhong have been banned for a year for doping at the 2012 Olympics.
The number of empty shops in Scottish towns and cities has improved over the last three years, according to a new study.
The UK may have to make concessions to other EU countries during Brexit negotiations, the EU's top diplomat has said.
Shares in Greece have fallen sharply after talks between the country's creditors and the European Commission broke up without a deal.
German airline Lufthansa has launched a fresh legal challenge against a pilots' strike due to start on Tuesday morning.
Glastonbury Festival has been fined £20,000 after sewage leaked from a tank and polluted a river.
The UK faces the largest fiscal consolidation of any advanced economy over the next four years, according to the Institute for Fiscal Studies (IFS).
Manchester United goalkeeper Victor Valdes has been released by Belgian club Standard Liege.
Life with the British and Irish Lions is not all sunshine and rain, as Liam Moriarty found out on his first day of training.
Shadow Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt is to call for a cross-party review of the exams system in England.
Workers at Caterpillar's Northern Ireland factories have been told to prepare for the loss of hundreds of jobs.
The government should set a new target for world-beating broadband speeds by 2030, according to the Institute of Directors (IoD).
A man's body has been found in a river after it was mistaken for a sculpture.
A man who tried to meet a girl for sex after being groomed online has been jailed for four years and four months.
Solihull Moors moved into the National League play-off places with a hard-fought win at Bromley.
US President Barack Obama has said the US will take in an extra 110,000 refugees this year as part of efforts to help the world's refugees.
Former Liberal Democrat MP Nick Laws has announced he will not stand for re-election in the 2015 election.
Human remains have been found during an archaeological dig at the Royal Pavilion Estate in Brighton.
Fe gafodd criwiau eu galw i stad ddiwydiannol ar Rodfa Llanelwy, Bae Cinmel, wedi cael eu gwagio rhag ofn gan fod mwg trwchus y lle.
Only 13 people have applied for a grant to help those affected by flooding in York, the BBC has learned.
A woman who was seriously injured in a motorway crash which killed her friend has said she wants to help other victims of road accidents.
Dissident Cuban activists have been arrested after staging a protest against the government in the capital Havana.
The number of new cars sold in Scotland fell last month, according to the latest industry figures.
Police are investigating a spate of scams involving men posing as police officers in Glasgow city centre.
The EU has said it will not reopen trade talks with Canada, despite huge protests against the proposed CETA deal.
A chocolate artist has recreated ships from the Battle of Trafalgar in a bid to mark the anniversary of the battle.
A man has survived a "rare" cardiac arrest after being shocked 17 times by ambulance crews.
Northern Ireland's Katherine Grainger won a silver medal for Great Britain in the women's double sculls at the World Rowing Cup in Rotterdam.
Children's charity Kids Company was not told about a sexual abuse case at one of its schools, a BBC investigation has found.
A dog who is so popular at a supermarket he has his own social media page has been told to stop giving him treats.
Bradford City moved into the League One play-off places with a hard-fought victory over MK Dons.
The new mayor of the South African city of Tshwane has scrapped the purchase of 10 luxury cars by the governing party.
The new owners of Bernard Matthews have agreed to honour workers' pension agreements, the Unite union has said.
A man in a wheelchair has blown up a device at Beijing's international airport, Chinese state media say.
One person has been taken to hospital after a fuel tanker overturned on the M4 in Cardiff.
Jean-Marc Bosman is one of Belgium's best-loved footballers but he is also one of the country's most unlikely sportsmen.
Dumfriesshire County Council has said it will continue to push ahead with plans for a £10m emergency centre in the town.
A council has said it will work with Legoland to improve traffic management after hundreds of people were stuck for hours trying to leave.
A care home has been told to make "significant improvements" to the way it cares for elderly and disabled residents.
Social media star Connor Murray has revealed he is gay in a video posted to his YouTube channel.
An 11-year-old girl has written a letter to the burglars who broke into her home and stole her new iPhone.
A second teenager has been arrested in connection with a machete attack at a shopping centre in south-east London.
Former Chelsea and Ivory Coast striker Didier Drogba has joined the United Soccer League side Phoenix Rising.
Chelsea have completed the signing of midfielder Cesc Fabregas from Barcelona.
A 23-year-old New Zealand man has suffered serious injuries after falling more than 100ft (30m) from his balcony.
Olympic heptathlon champion Jessica Ennis-Hill should take time to decide whether she wants to continue her career, says her coach Michele Minichiello.
Matt Miller's injury-time equaliser earned Burton a draw at Wolves in their second meeting of the season.
A heavily pregnant woman was threatened with a gun by a gang of men during a burglary at her home in Manchester.
Footfall in town centres in the Scottish Borders has risen by 4% in the past year, according to the latest figures from Borders Council.
The tiny Himalayan nation of Bhutan is one of the world's most isolated countries.
Motherwell striker Melissa Grant believes new Scotland women's head coach Shelley Kerr can take the team "even further" in the future.
The US Federal Reserve has raised its key interest rate for the first time in nearly a decade.
Hundreds of people have attended a public meeting to discuss plans to close a hospital in Flintshire.
Stoke City have signed midfielder Eric Choupo-Moting from German club Schalke for an undisclosed fee on a four-year deal.
Tom Connolly's late header earned Crawley Town a 1-0 win over Blackpool at the Kassam Stadium.
Assembly members have voted to give consent to the Wales Bill, despite opposition from UKIP and Plaid Cymru.
I'm one of the organisers of the Facebook revolution in Tunisia and I've been here since the beginning of January.
The SNP has won the Ayr East by-election following the resignation of the Labour MP.
A court in Italy has overturned the manslaughter convictions of seven scientists who had been accused of misleading the public in a deadly earthquake.
An anti-bacterial compound found in human blood could be used to treat a range of infections, a study suggests.
A police investigation into the sexual exploitation of young people who went missing from care was "limited and inconsistent", a report has found.
It's not every day you get to watch a zombie apocalypse unfold in front of your own eyes.
Congolese singer Olomide has been arrested in the capital, Kinshasa, after being accused of assaulting a Kenyan dancer on Saturday.
Three convicted rapists have absconded from a minimum-security prison in Gloucestershire.
Celtic have appointed Brendan Rodgers as their new manager on a three-year deal.
US rapper Kanye West has said he wants to work with Swedish furniture giant Ikea to create furniture for students.
Flights were delayed at Edinburgh Airport after a computer fault left passengers having to check in manually.
A 17-year-old boy has been charged with drugs offences after a teenager was taken ill after taking what police described as "potentially lethal" tablets.
The Burmese government is to set up an inquiry into the violence in the western state of Rakhine that killed more than 50 people in June.
An extra year of education can boost the income of a mobster, a study has found.
Wigan Warriors have re-signed full-back Sam Tomkins from NRL side Cronulla Sharks on a two-year deal.
The chief executive of Airbus in the UK, Fabrice Bregier, has said he will have to make a judgement about what the consequences would be for his business if the UK votes to leave the European Union.
The US space agency (Nasa) has announced the discovery of a new planet similar in size and shape to Earth.
A 21-year-old motorcyclist who was killed in a crash in Lancashire has been named by police.
Bournemouth goalkeeper Marcin Boruc has retired from international football to focus on his club career.
Two buildings which are full of trees and shrubs are being built in China, to help fight pollution.
Tom Daley said he was "heartbroken" after missing out on a place in the men's 10m platform final at Rio 2016.
Alexis Sanchez scored a late winner as holders Arsenal beat Burnley to reach the FA Cup quarter-finals.
A report into the sale of Nama's Northern Ireland property loans is due to be published later.
A council's Twitter account has been hacked, leading to a series of offensive messages being posted.
A student from West Africa says he's been left "devastated" after being turned down for accommodation in Norwich.
The BBC's 10 o'clock news bulletin is to be extended for the first time, the corporation has announced.
Rugby union is heading towards a hire-and-fire approach, according to the Rugby Players' Association (RCA).
Former Leicester City defender Martin Keown says it is "out of order" for assistant manager Craig Shakespeare to want to succeed Claudio Ranieri as manager.
The family of a woman who took her own life after being discharged from hospital have criticised an NHS trust for failing to investigate her death.
Sony has announced plans to revive vinyl record production in Japan for the first time in 30 years.
A polar bear at a Scottish wildlife park has been moved from her enclosure in a bid to protect her if she is pregnant.
Summer sunshine can be good for your health, according to new guidance from leading medical bodies.
The government has announced a new counter-extremism strategy aimed at tackling non-violent extremism as well as violent extremism.
Campaigners are calling for a new centre to be set up in Wales for people with one of the most severe forms of muscular dystrophy.
Repairs to a flood-damaged bridge are to be carried out over the next two years, a council has announced.
Ricky Burns fought with courage and determination to retain his WBO light-welterweight title, despite being outpointed by Jose Beltran at London's O2 Arena.
Thousands of people have taken part in a march in the South African city of Durban to protest against recent xenophobic attacks.
A man has died after falling from a first-floor flat twice.
A committee of MPs has launched an inquiry into the government's plans to partially remove the so-called "purdah" period in the run-up to the EU referendum.
A pensioner in Somerset has become the first person in the UK to take money out of his pension pot under the new tax rules.
An Iron Age "crannog" discovered on a Monmouthshire estate is thousands of years older than previously thought.
A man has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car on the A470 in Monmouthshire.
More than 4,000 NHS staff in the UK earn more than £150,000 a year, according to analysis by the Daily Mail and the Taxpayers' Alliance.
On the 100th anniversary of the start of one of the biggest battles of World War One, BBC News looks back at what happened in the trenches.
The European Commission president has defended David Cameron's plan to introduce an "emergency brake" on the number of EU migrants in the UK.
A teacher who tried to pull down a 14-year-old girl's trousers has been given a two-year suspended jail sentence.
Two teenagers have been arrested after a 15-year-old boy was stabbed in the chest in a fight in West Sussex.
The Republican presidential hopefuls clashed over immigration, taxes and the media in a five-way debate in Boulder, Colorado.
A man whose body was found in his car in Birmingham has been named by police.
Ukrainian forces have left the strategic town of Debaltseve after being encircled by pro-Russian rebels, the country's president says.
Coldplay have topped the US album chart with their second album, Revolution Radio, which was released on Friday.
Kilmarnock manager Lee Clark has left the Scottish Premiership club to take charge of League One side Bury.
The Turkish army has sacked three more senior military officials in the wake of last month's failed coup, the interior ministry says.
Councils across England are carrying out "urgent reviews" of high-rise tower blocks following the Grenfell Tower fire.
SuperTed creator Barry Young, who has produced his first feature-length animation, Norm Of The North, has died at the age of 70.
A bus carrying Egyptian pilgrims has crashed in Saudi Arabia, killing at least 11 people, the country's state news agency Mena has said.
Gateshead pensioner John Barnes has said he is "not ready" to meet the man who knocked him out in a street attack.
World number one Dustin Johnson pulled out of the Honda Classic in Florida with a back injury after falling down stairs at his home.
Exeter moved up to third in League Two with victory over Cambridge at St James' Park.
The "whole presence" of Rolls-Royce in Derby could be put at risk if the firm moves research and development overseas, a Unite union official has said.
Australia's tour of Bangladesh has been postponed because of security concerns, Bangladesh Cricket Board chairman Wasim Khan has said.
The immune system of a bird is able to fight off a deadly fungus, scientists have found.
A passenger plane was forced to make an emergency landing after being struck by lightning, the pilot said.
Scientists have discovered the first evidence of a nervous system in the fossilised brain of a "great appendage" creature.
A woman has appeared in court charged with preventing the burial of a baby.
Villagers in Shropshire are calling for the reopening of a dual carriageway next to Stonehenge.
An Indian man and his wife are celebrating their 86th anniversary as a married couple.
Birmingham City have held talks with midfielder Scott Caddis about his future.
Australia pace bowler Mitchell Johnson says he hopes to be remembered for his Ashes heroics in the next Test against England.
Edvald Boasson Hagen retained the leader's yellow jersey in the Tour de France as he won stage nine in Montgenevre.
An Orange hall in Londonderry has been vandalised.
At least two people have been killed and several injured after a "monster truck" crashed into a crowd at a car show in the Netherlands.
Labour is "walking in the opposite direction" on the issues that will decide the next general election, the party's immigration spokesman has said.
A fire station in Ipswich could close as part of plans to cut the number of engines in Suffolk by half.
The FBI has said it is "very concerned" about Apple and Google's plans to make their software more secure.
Drones should be banned, according to Eric Schmidt, chairman of Google's board of directors.
Northern Ireland and England are among the top performing education systems in the world in maths and science, according to a new study.
World number one Jordan Spieth will take a one-shot lead into the final round of the Masters as Rory McIlroy slipped out of contention.
The UK is considering whether to carry out air strikes against the so-called Islamic State (IS) group in Syria, following a request from the government.
Two care home workers have been given a 12-month community order for the "grossly negligent" response to a fall that led to the death of an elderly woman.
The number of babies born addicted to a harmful substance in England and Wales is falling, figures obtained by the BBC suggest.
The makers of a children's board game have apologised after some of the answers to its questions were wrong.
Security has been stepped up in Berlin ahead of a Euro 2016 friendly between Germany and the Netherlands.
Reindeer and other mammals are able to see flashes of light emitted by power lines, a study suggests.
Imax, the world's biggest cinema chain, has applied to list its shares in Hong Kong.
A teenager who died in a car crash with three friends was driving at 75mph (120km/h), an inquest heard.
A learner driver has been stopped by police for driving an £80,000 luxury car in south-east London.
Scooter Gennett became the first Cincinnati Reds player to hit four home runs in a game as the Reds beat the Baltimore Orioles 6-3.
The chief constable of West Yorkshire Police will not face any further action over an investigation into alleged bribery.
Andy Murray won his first match since becoming a father as Great Britain drew 2-2 with Japan in their Davis Cup quarter-final.
US Secretary of State John Kerry has praised Somalia's progress as he visited the capital, Mogadishu, on his first visit to the country.
Former England captain Rio Ferdinand's wife has died after a short battle with cancer, the footballer has confirmed.
A major search is under way for a missing teenager who was last seen on a beach on Dartmoor.
A man accused of murdering an elderly motorist had been diagnosed with Asperger's syndrome, a court has heard.
Peterborough United manager Graham Westley has left the League One club after Saturday's 2-0 defeat by Scunthorpe United.
The regulator Ofcom has announced the first areas to be considered for a new national local TV network.
An RAF pilot has been airlifted to hospital after his jet was involved in a collision with another aircraft.
An Indian school textbook that claims meat is not an essential food and that non-vegetarians "cheat, tell lies and tell bad words" has been criticised.
A man has appeared in court charged with causing death by dangerous driving after a 19-year-old was hit and killed by a car at a petrol station.
Aberystwyth's Vale of Rheidol Steam Railway is one of the oldest in the UK and has restored locomotives for museums and railways across the UK.
Athletes from Russia went to "great lengths" to avoid drugs tests at the country's national championships, a report says.
A look at some of the key stories of the week in African politics.
A top aide to Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff has been charged with corruption.
Police around the world have issued an international appeal for information on nine suspected wildlife smugglers.
Shares in mainland China fell sharply on Wednesday after a survey indicated that the country's manufacturing sector continued to shrink in September.
Ulster have appointed Chris Gibbes as their new forwards coach for the 2016-17 season.
Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale has called on trade unionists to "speak with one voice" against cuts to local councils.
Three climbers have been rescued from the summit of the highest mountain in the Western Isles in high winds.
The US government has given the go-ahead for ChemChina's proposed takeover of Swiss pesticides and seeds giant Syngenta.
Swedish police have arrested a man suspected of stabbing a man to death at a barber's shop in the capital, Stockholm, on Saturday.
Sam Baldock scored the only goal of the game as Brighton beat Wolves to move up to fourth in the Premier League.
National League side Forest Green Rovers have signed former Newport County and Millwall defender Chris Pidgeley on a one-month loan deal.
UKIP donor Arron Banks has said he wants to become the party's chairman.
Celtic were the only club to make significant signings in the summer transfer window, but the rest of the Scottish Premiership has been dominated by the pursuit of the top six.
Marta is not one of the millions of Venezuelans living in dire straits.
A man has been taken to hospital after his car crashed into the front of a pub in Wiltshire.
Fleetwood Town have signed former Leicester City midfielder Jordan Davis on a permanent deal.
Great Britain's David Grabarz won a silver medal in the men's long jump at the European Indoor Championships in Glasgow.
Tom Rogic's stoppage-time winner gave Celtic a 3-2 win over Aberdeen in the Scottish Cup final at Hampden.
Northern Ireland Under-21 midfielder Ryan Kettings has signed for League Two side Colchester United on a two-year deal.
A military judge has begun questioning five men accused of involvement in the 9/11 attacks, including Khalid Sheikh Mohammed.
Beyonce has been nominated for a record-breaking 10 Grammy Awards, making her the most-nominated artist of all time.
The prime minister has promised to pay for a new football stadium in Cornwall if he wins the general election.
Manchester United are in talks with Wayne Rooney over a new contract, reports BBC Radio Manchester.
Mansfield Town have signed Cambridge United striker Scott Brown on loan until the end of the season.
A rare World War Two Spitfire has failed to sell at auction in London.
Two major firms have announced plans to create more than 1,000 jobs on Clydeside.
Two hens have hatched chicks next to a giant boar at a museum in Wiltshire.
The government's immigration cap is having "no effect" on bringing down net migration, a committee of MPs has said.
The AA has said it will review its pricing policy in the wake of an increase in insurance premium tax.
Footballer Joe Allen spends his spare time helping birds by re-homing them after they have finished their commercial lives.
The Archbishop of Canterbury has said he is in talks with Pope Francis and the leaders of the Coptic and Orthodox churches about changing the date of Easter.
At least 24 people have been killed in Russian air strikes on the Islamic State-held Syrian city of Raqqa, activists say.
For decades, Range Rovers have been synonymous with luxury and luxury cars.
Bolton Wanderers have signed Shrewsbury Town defender Luke Caton on loan until the end of the season.
A US appeals court has upheld President Donald Trump's temporary ban on people from seven mainly Muslim countries entering the country.
Plans to replace professional library staff with volunteers have been dropped after a public consultation.
Substitute Lee Chung-yong scored the only goal as Sheffield Wednesday came from behind to draw with Burnley at Hillsborough.
Shares in Greggs have jumped more than 10% after the bakery chain reported a rise in sales for the third quarter.
Britain's Joachim Jung won Olympic gold in the eventing dressage for the first time since he took over from France's Christian Fischertakinou at Rio 2016.
Developers of new wind farms in England and Wales will have to offer to sell part of their business to local communities under a new plan.
A 40-year-old man has been charged with shooting dead three cats in Surrey.
The Devon and Cornwall Duchy of Cornwall has said there is "no simple solution" to the safety of a beach where a man died last year.
When you look at the early foetuses of a humpback whale, you see all the tell-tale features that you would expect to see in a whale.
UK interest rates have been held at 0.5% again by the Bank of England.
China's state media have reacted angrily to a UN tribunal's ruling that it has no jurisdiction over islands built in the South China Sea.
Asian shares headed lower after the US economy grew at its slowest pace in more than two years, while shares in Japan fell.
David Warner's maiden Test century helped Australia draw the third Test against the West Indies after rain washed out the final day.
Thousands of people have been evacuated from their homes in the Bavarian town of Deggendorf after two rivers burst their banks.
A 25-year-old woman is in a serious condition in hospital after being assaulted in Caernarfon.
Two teenage boys have been arrested on suspicion of possessing an offensive weapon after a "large and unpredictable" street party in east London.
At Tafawa Balewa Cricket Club in Lagos, the pitch is covered in the green and white colours of Nigeria's national cricket team.
UK interest rates could remain lower for longer than expected, the Bank of England's chief economist has said.
Taiwan's Foxconn, the world's biggest contract electronics maker, has reported a 15% rise in quarterly profit, helped by strong sales of iPhones and iPads.
The story of St Winefride's Well in Holywell, Shropshire, begins with the beheading of the town's first female saint in the 7th Century by Caradog the Great.
German Formula 1 driver Nico Rosberg has arrived in Brazil for this weekend's Grand Prix at Interlagos in Sao Paulo.
A man accused of raping a student who later killed herself has been cleared by a judge.
A chemical plant in south Wales is to close with the loss of more than 200 jobs.
The location of King Arthur's Camelot has been the subject of much speculation over the years.
Leicester City striker Jamie Vardy is "very close" to scoring his first Premier League goal of the season, says manager Claudio Ranieri.
Theresa May is facing a challenge from a new generation of Eurosceptic MPs who want the UK to leave the European Union.
Gone are the days of compassionate conservatism, Nick Clegg has said, as he accused the Conservatives of wanting to "cut and cut and cut".
Two people have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a police officer was stabbed while trying to break up a fight.
West Indies beat Australia by three wickets to win the Women's World Twenty20 for the first time.
UKIP AM Neil Gill has said he would give up his role as an MEP if asked by party leader Paul Nuttall.
A self-defence kit has been launched in the wake of Channel 4's controversial Benefits Street series.
The Prison Officers' Association (POA) has agreed a deal with the government in its long-running dispute over pay and conditions.
A man has written to the National Trust asking for help in tracing the photographer of the last photograph of his wife, who died in 2015.
Ivory Coast's government has banned the sale of so-called whitening creams, saying they may cause health problems.
The Liberal Democrats and Labour have clashed in the House of Lords over the government's Brexit strategy.
At least 1,306 members of the so-called Islamic State (IS) group have been killed by UK air strikes in Iraq and Syria since 2014, the government has said.
A hacker has admitted he hacked into the website of Norwich International Airport to see if he could access it.
Plans to build a new railway station in Skelmersdale have been given the go-ahead.
A man has been jailed for life for the murder of a man whose body was found buried in an outhouse.
A medical clinic in Ukraine's capital, Kiev, had to turn off its body scanners for 24 hours after the country's IT system was hit by a cyber attack.
Wasps moved up to third in the Premiership with a bonus-point win over Sale Sharks at the Ricoh Arena.
Four people have been taken to hospital following a collision between a bus and a lorry in Edinburgh.
A British man accused of arranging the murder of his wife in South Africa has returned to the UK after his trial was dismissed.
Up to half of the Â£50m Cuadrilla plans to spend on shale gas exploration in Lancashire will go to the county, the firm has said.
The daughter of Mexico's attorney-general has been sacked over her role in a raid on a restaurant, the government has said.
Downing Street has said it hopes to work with the Burmese government to find and restore two RAF Spitfire planes that have been missing for 70 years.
A man and a woman have been rescued from the Brecon Beacons after getting into difficulty at Nant Peris on Anglesey.
A controversial fast-track system for immigration cases in England and Wales which has been suspended for months is to resume.
For all that it may sound attractive to the Scots, Welsh and Northern Irish to have greater influence over their respective economic destinies, presumably that would be less desirable if at a stroke they became richer, and the rest of the UK became poorer.
A man wanted in connection with the murder of a Cardiff teenager has gone on the run, police have said.
Two men arrested on suspicion of murdering a man whose body was found in a burnt-out car in Essex have been released on bail.
Fife-based interior fittings firm Havelock Europa is to spend £1.5m on a new office refurbishment project in Fife.
BrewDog, one of the UK's fastest-growing craft breweries, is celebrating its 10th anniversary, 10 years after it won a Tesco bottle competition.
Sterling has fallen for a second day as markets remain nervous ahead of the EU referendum on 23 June.
A former TV producer who was jailed for life for trying to hire a hitman to kill his partner is to appeal against his conviction.
The body of a British soldier who died fighting so-called Islamic State (IS) has been returned to the UK in an emotional ceremony in Syria.
The US Supreme Court has ruled that the National Security Agency (NSA) can continue to collect data on US citizens' phone calls and emails.
Bolton Wanderers have re-signed West Bromwich Albion defender Martin Lindegaard on a season-long loan deal.
Two dogs at a kennel where a pit bull was kept in a cage for two years have been shown playing together.
Labour MP Chuka Umunna has said the party must stop "stamping its feet" and "meet people where they are at".
A Denbighshire man died after being hit by a boat while snorkelling in the Mediterranean, an inquest has heard.
A court in Iraq has sentenced to death 36 men for their part in the killing of more than 100 soldiers by so-called Islamic State (IS) in Tikrit in 2014.
Surf forecasting firm Magicseaweed has been bought by online retailer Surfstitch for an undisclosed sum.
Spain's Sergio Garcia moved into a share of the lead at the Dubai Desert Classic after the second round was suspended because of bad weather.
Stuart Ambrose scored twice as Colchester United came from behind to beat Bradford City and move into the League One play-off places.
Archaeologists have been building Neolithic huts at Stonehenge as part of a project to "get a sense of what life was like 4,500 years ago".
Protests have taken place across the US calling for President Donald Trump to release his tax returns.
New Zealand's Joseph Parker will fight Mexico's Andres Ruiz Jr for the WBO heavyweight title in April, despite Tyson Fury's absence from the ring.
Pasg Hapus i chi i gyd, yn ôl i'r ŵy, wedi dweud ei gyd!
Dylan Hartley will not be stripped of his England captaincy despite serving a two-match ban for biting an opponent, according to Ian Ritchie.
The father of a US student held by North Korea for more than 15 months has accused the country of keeping his son in a coma.
The UFC has released a video promoting its new lightweight title with the tagline: "I am the most powerful man in the world."
A Mexican man has been charged with the murder of a US special agent who was shot dead in 2010.
The White House has condemned a series of bomb threats made against Jewish community centres (JCC) in the US.
England's victory over Italy in Saturday's Six Nations match at Twickenham was so emphatic, so complete, that it was almost impossible not to be moved by it.
China's biggest search engine, Baidu, has announced that it will release its self-driving technology to the public.
Rail passengers are being warned to expect major disruption on Monday and Tuesday as a strike by Network Rail workers gets under way.
Police in the Indian state of West Bengal say they have arrested a man suspected of raping a nun in March.
A Texas lawmaker has introduced a resolution calling on the state legislature to ban the use of the Chilean flag as a substitute for the Texas flag.
The Premier League has agreed a new three-year deal with US broadcaster NBC to broadcast Premier League matches.
A road in Stafford town centre is to be closed as part of a £2.5m project to replace water pipes.
Turkey has summoned the Russian ambassador in Ankara over what it says was a violation of its airspace.
Newcastle Falcons head coach Rob Howley says his side are "getting there" in their bid to finish in the Premiership's top six this season.
League One side Peterborough United have extended the loan spell of Middlesbrough left-back David Stockdale until January.
Swiss cyclist Lizzie van den Driessche has been banned for six months after being found to have a hidden motor in her bike.
In the back of a private limousine on the outskirts of Manchester, a man is doing something he has never done before.
England have dropped fly-half George Ford for the second Test against Australia at Twickenham on Saturday in favour of Owen Farrell.
A Stranraer schoolgirl has backed a campaign to ensure a life-changing drug is made available on the NHS in England and Scotland.
Lichfield Ladies have said they "deserve" to be included in the Rugby Football Union's new Women's Super Rugby competition.
England Under-21s boss John Ashworth says he stands by the decision not to call up seven players for the Euro 2016 finals.
Donald Trump's victory in the US presidential election has been greeted with a mixture of optimism and scepticism about his economic policies.
A police officer who helped deliver a baby has said it was "one of the most rewarding" days of his career.
Leicester Tigers director of rugby Richard Cockerill says he is "very positive" Manu Tuilagi will stay at the club.
A woman who lied about being raped and sexually assaulted by 10 men has been jailed for six years.
A man who raped a 14-year-old girl and sexually abused other girls has been jailed for 12 years.
Firefighters are continuing to deal with a large fire at a disused power station on the outskirts of Inverness.
Flooding has hit parts of Cambridgeshire after heavy rain and strong winds.
The bodies of 43 students who went missing in Mexico last year have not been found, according to a report by a human rights group.
British troops are to be sent to Somalia for the first time, the Ministry of Defence has announced.
A five-year-old girl who was injured when a bouncy castle blew away during a football match has undergone an operation.
Two-time World Cup winner Abby Wambach has announced she will retire from international football at the end of the United States' tour of China.
The UK has the worst record in the world of breastfeeding, according to a study by researchers in Brazil.
Glasgow Warriors have completed the signing of South African scrum-half Alex Kebble.
Widnes Vikings head coach Ian Betts says his side have not lost momentum despite their recent poor form in Super League.
Kensington Palace has denied claims that Prince Andrew had sex with a 15-year-old girl in New York.
Krystian Pearce rescued a point for Mansfield with a late equaliser in a draw with York.
Two men and a woman have been arrested on suspicion of robbery and grievous bodily harm after a man was found seriously injured in Brighton.
A Dundee man who forced a woman to have sex with a stranger has been jailed for six years.
Sheffield Wednesday have signed Middlesbrough striker Steven Rhodes on loan until the end of the season.
The first temporary school buildings have arrived on the site of a West Sussex academy which was destroyed by fire.
Wales wing George North should return to play in Wales, says Pro Rugby Wales chief executive Martyn Davies.
Petra Kvitova reached her first WTA final of the year with a straight-set victory over third seed Simona Halep at the Aegon Classic in Birmingham.
A man has said he feared for the safety of his two children after he was beaten with iron bars and nails by a gang in County Londonderry.
A Denbighshire leisure centre is set to reopen after being closed for almost two years.
The number of suspected cases of child sexual exploitation (CSE) in West Yorkshire has more than doubled in the past year, figures show.
The driver of a tractor-trailer has been arrested in connection with the deaths of at least eight people in the vehicle on Saturday.
Anorexia nervosa is a serious mental illness that can lead to severe depression, anxiety and self-harm, according to the NHS.
An exhibition celebrating the Windrush generation has opened at a Nottingham museum.
The BBC could be forced to move popular shows such as Strictly Come Dancing, or The Night Manager, from peak-time slots under government plans, the Sunday Times reports.
An investigation has been launched after a woman with multiple sclerosis (MS) was told to walk to a concert.
The European Space Agency (Esa) says its comet lander, Philae, has contacted Earth for the first time in seven months.
A police officer who was called to an incident in Glasgow city centre sang Sgt Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band in a bar.
Worcestershire all-rounder Rilee Viljoen took five wickets to help his side beat Derbyshire by eight wickets in the One-Day Cup at New Road.
The Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) has said it will take "unilateral action" if the government does not take action to resolve the Stormont crisis.
Northamptonshire seamer Chris Buck took 4-44 to help his side take control against Durham on day one of their County Championship match at Chester-le-Street.
A specialist search team is continuing for a woman who has been missing for more than a month.
An advert for a conference call service has been withdrawn after a charity said it was "disturbing" and "offensive".
Bolton reached the second round of the EFL Cup for the first time in their history thanks to a 3-2 win over Sheffield United.
Hundreds of French mosques have opened their doors to the public to mark the first anniversary of the Charlie Hebdo attacks.
Fishermen in Scotland and the UK have been given an extra 542 tonnes of fish to catch in 2015.
The pilot of a light aircraft that crashed in the East Midlands has been found safe and well in a pub.
For more than 100 years, the Swansea Canal was one of the most important waterways in the city of Swansea.
Johnny Sexton and Sean O'Brien are set to be fit for Ireland's Six Nations opener against Scotland on Saturday.
Landlords in England and Wales are to be given new powers to evict asylum seekers, under government plans.
The Dutch justice minister, Jan Opstelten, and the public prosecutor, Jan Teeven, have resigned after a row over a payment made to a drug trafficker.
Matt Swankie scored a stoppage-time winner as Forfar Athletic beat Cowdenbeath 2-1 to go top of Scottish League Two.
Plans to build more than 100 homes in Carrbridge in Aviemore National Park have been refused by councillors.
A norovirus outbreak at a Cardiff hospital has prompted a health board to warn people to stay away from it.
In the wake of the Tiananmen Square protests, China is once again gripped by a sense of paranoia and fear.
Crocodile egg harvesting has long been a popular pastime in the Australian outback.
A fleet of gritters in Gloucestershire has been taken out of service for the first time in more than a year.
Meet the robots of the future and find out why they are so important to us.
A woman who was friends with the couple convicted of murdering Liam Fee has said she is "shocked" by their actions.
Plans have been submitted for a £100m paper mill in King's Lynn to generate its own electricity.
Hundreds of migrants and refugees have been moved out of a camp in Calais, France, after the authorities gave them until Monday to leave.
Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond has called for an "immediate and unconditional humanitarian ceasefire" in Gaza.
Three men have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after three people were stabbed in the same town.
Wales' largest council would merge with another to create an eight-council model, the local government minister has said.
US cable giant Charter Communications has agreed to buy Time Warner Cable (TWC) for $78.7bn (Â£53.4bn).
A man who was sexually abused as a child at a private school has said he will not give evidence to a public inquiry into historical abuse.
Poland has cancelled a trip by a Russian bikers' group linked to President Vladimir Putin, amid a row with Moscow.
South Africa batsman Hashim Amla will step down as captain after the second Test against England ended in a draw.
Australia's economy grew by 0.9% in the first three months of the year compared with the same period last year, beating expectations.
The common cuckoo is one of the UK's favourite birds.
Mexican Sergio Perez has signed a two-year deal with Force India for the 2017 Formula 1 season.
A London council has dropped its legal action against a mother who home schooled her son.
Scotland's Jamie Donaldson carded a six-under-par 66 to take a one-shot lead into the final round of the Nedbank Golf Challenge.
A campaign is under way to set up a clinic in Wales to help survivors of female genital mutilation (FGM).
Scientists in the US have produced a new class of plastic that can be recycled and reused, in a process called "thermosetting".
The UK has been "appallingly bad" at supporting start-ups, according to the chief executive of Start-ups UK, Paul Woodford.
The first new gin distillery in the Scottish Borders in nearly 200 years has opened its doors.
The site of a Nottingham cigarette factory that was destroyed in a fire last month is set to be demolished.
Men are still more likely to die than women on average, according to official figures.
A college student in the US state of Michigan has been charged with assaulting a fellow student as part of fraternity initiation.
The Norwegian prime minister has turned down a proposal to give a mountain to Finland to mark its independence from Russia.
The Scottish economy is likely to grow at the same rate this year as it did in 2016, according to a new report.
US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has said his wife told him he was "supposed" to become US secretary of state.
A football club has appealed for the identity of a bride-to-be who posed for a photo with them after their coach broke down on a motorway.
A third person has been arrested on suspicion of Syria-related terrorism offences, police have said.
Sculptures of soldiers from the disbanded Devonshire, Dorset and Somerset Regiments are to be installed at the National Memorial Arboretum.
Aung San Suu Kyi made an impassioned speech at the United Nations General Assembly last week, criticising the pace of political reform in Myanmar (Burma).
A man who was caught on CCTV trying to rob a convenience store has been found guilty of robbery after the store's worker spotted him.
There is a "pattern of behaviour" within the police service in England and Wales where officers are put under pressure over race, the National Police Chiefs' Association says.
The inquest into the discovery of a hoard of 1,000-year-old silver coins in County Down has been opened and adjourned.
The mother of a 15-year-old girl who died after getting into difficulty in a Northumberland bay has warned of the dangers of water.
A British man is to be charged in connection with the death of his girlfriend in Thailand.
A 23-year-old woman has been jailed for life for murdering a man in a "pitiless and wicked" attack in a London casino.
As the chancellor prepares to deliver his Budget on Wednesday, BBC economics correspondent Mark Lowen reports from Number 11, where the Treasury is warning there may still be pain ahead.
Manchester United have named England midfielder Shaw in their squad for their pre-season tour of the United States.
Former First Minister Alex Salmond has become the latest member of Holyrood to step down as an MSP.
Three hospitals in the US have been hit by a cyber-attack that locked their computers and demanded a $100,000 (Â£75,000) ransom.
We're BodyPositive and we want you to join us as we celebrate the next six months.
Sepp Blatter should step down as president of world football's governing body Fifa, David Cameron has said.
A restaurant owner in southern Spain has described a "stampede" in which a group of 20 diners left his restaurant in the middle of a meal.
The number of livestock worrying incidents in Scotland has more than doubled in the past year, police have said.
Force India have confirmed French teenager Esteban Ocon as their new driver for 2017.
Residents at a care home in Bristol are being treated like "objects", a report has said.
If you're out and about with your dog, you'll probably be asking them what they want.
Three men have been found guilty of the murder of a man who was stabbed to death in a gang turf war.
Bristol Rovers midfielder Emmanuel Akpan has been given a three-game touchline ban after being found guilty of violent conduct.
Bristol Rovers have signed Welling United midfielder Ben Jefford on loan until the end of the season.
Bristol City maintained their unbeaten start to the Championship season with a comfortable victory over Cardiff City at Ashton Gate.
Adam Voges and Dawid Malan hit centuries to put Middlesex in control against Hampshire on day two at Lord's.
GPs in south-east London are being asked to stop prescribing specialist formula for babies with food allergies and other conditions.
The sight of those smears on the touchscreen on your smartphone, tablet or computer is likely to make you shiver.
More than 5,000 people have signed up to be a stem cell donor for a Cardiff University student who has leukaemia.
An Australian toddler who was born with part of a twin has undergone pioneering surgery to remove and reconstruct her pelvic area.
A man has been charged with murder following the death of another man in Dundee.
A body has been found after a fire broke out at a retirement home in Fife.
Wycombe Wanderers have extended the contract of goalkeeper Mark Cooper until the end of the season.
It is one of the most famous sporting events in the world - the Grand National, the biggest sporting event in the UK, attended by tens of thousands of people.
The death of a woman who was refused admission to hospital because of a lack of beds has been highlighted by a coroner.
Michael Horan has been elected as the new president of the Gaelic Athletic Association.
Former England captain Sir Garfield Sobers says he will not be putting his money on England to win the World Cup this summer.
Hearts head coach Ian Cathro insists Jamie Walker is happy at Tynecastle despite speculation linking him with a move to Rangers.
Michael van Gerwen won his second PDC World Darts Championship title with a 7-5 victory over Mark Wright in the final at Alexandra Palace in London.
A vote to leave the European Union would "undermine and destabilise our north-south institutions", according to one of Northern Ireland's main political parties.
Scotland defender Chris Greer says he is "open to anything" after being released by his previous club.
Defence is one of the most important issues facing the UK and the rest of Europe.
Lord Avebury, the former MP for Orpington and Liberal peer, has died at the age of 83.
The number of council homes sold in Scotland has risen by more than 20% in the past year, according to official figures.
Lord Heseltine has accused Boris Johnson of making "preposterous" claims in the run-up to the EU referendum.
Police have released images of two women they want to speak to in connection with a serious sexual assault in October.
Hundreds of people have taken part in a protest against cuts to children's centres in Oxfordshire.
Crystal Palace maintained their unbeaten start to the season with a hard-fought victory over Everton at Goodison Park.
Teachers in England and Wales received more than £1m in compensation last year after being injured in the classroom, a union has said.
The Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (TTIP) is a major trade deal being negotiated between the EU and the US.
Bristol director of rugby Dean Robinson says the sacking of Steve Borthwick as England forwards coach has "kicked us" in the head.
Germany's exports and factory output fell in November as the country continued to be hit by the impact of the Ukraine crisis.
A Red Cross volunteer who was on the scene of the Shoreham air disaster has been awarded an MBE for his role in first aid.
The Financial Reporting Council (FRC) should be "stronger" in tackling corporate governance problems, the former chairman of the Cadbury code Sir Adrian Cadbury has said.
A giant gorilla made entirely of spoons has been unveiled by comedian Uri Geller in Rhondda Cynon Taff.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has told French far-right leader Marine Le Pen that his country does not want to interfere in next year's presidential election.
The Welsh Liberal Democrats have pledged to create 100,000 new apprentices if they win the assembly election.
Vodafone has said it could move its headquarters out of the UK if the UK votes to leave the European Union.
A man has been jailed for posting indecent images of children and videos of a baby on Facebook.
An investigation has been launched into the arrest and search of a man's home in Londonderry because of an error in a handover information pack.
Defending champions Caroline Garcia and Kristina Mladenovic won their fourth WTA title of the year at the Australian Open.
Wales head coach Warren Gatland says he will not make any excuses for his side's defeat by South Africa at the World Cup in New Zealand.
Gatwick Airport has said it will take on the main risks of building a second runway at the south-east England airport.
Carlisle United have signed Dutch winger Pedro on a one-year deal after he impressed in pre-season.
Boris Johnson has become one of the most recognisable faces in politics.
League One strugglers Crewe Alexandra have re-signed Bury striker Chris Lowe on loan until the end of the season.
A British woman who was jailed in Malaysia for stripping off on a mountain has left the country.
Ethiopia is one of the fastest-growing economies in the world, according to the International Monetary Fund (IMF).
The family of Salih Aygun, who was killed fighting against the Islamic State group in Syria, sit in a small room in a Turkish refugee camp in northern Syria.
A new flagpole has been stolen from the site of a new World War Two Bomber Command Heritage Centre.
League Two side Northampton Town have been placed into administration.
Shares of two Hong Kong-based financial firms have fallen sharply in the wake of reports that the US Federal Reserve is preparing to raise interest rates.
Two Labour MPs have resigned from Jeremy Corbyn's front bench in the wake of his reshuffle.
The average price of a season ticket in the Premier League has risen for the first time since 2011, according to the latest figures from the Office for National Statistics.
Indian cricketer Ravindra Jadeja and his father-in-law have been fined for taking selfies with lions in a national park.
A man charged with the attempted murder of two schoolboys in Hampshire has died in prison.
The number of lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) characters on US television has risen to a record high, according to a new report.
Education Secretary Michael Gove has been accused by the Liberal Democrats of " raiding" school places to fund free schools in England.
The candidates for the Tower Hamlets mayoral election have been announced.
The Copper Box at the Olympic Park was one of the biggest sports stadiums in the world at the time of London 2012.
Leigh Centurions have re-signed full-back Ryan Chase on a short-term deal.
Britain's Wayne Rooney says he would love to receive his Beijing Olympic gold medal at the Diamond League meeting in Berlin in August.
Scientists say they have found a gene that could explain why some people are more addicted to coffee than others.
Thailand's Crown Prince Maha Vajiralongkorn has been invited to succeed his late father, King Bhumibol Adulyadej.
DUP MP Sammy Wilson has said he will not put his name forward to become the next leader of the party.
First Minister Carwyn Jones has said she hopes to pass on her Welsh language skills to her son when she visits Cardiff for the Champions League final.
A Church of Ireland bishop has said he supports the introduction of civil same sex marriage in Northern Ireland.
The body of a man has been found at a house in Oxford.
A Chinese company has pleaded guilty in the US to conspiring to export a coating for a nuclear power plant in Pakistan.
The director of the original Ghostbusters has said he wants to "expand the universe" of the film franchise.
Rail passengers travelling between south Wales and London are being warned of delays and cancellations due to improvements at two railway stations.
Tens of thousands of people have taken part in a rally in Catalonia calling for the region's independence from Spain.
Prince Harry has shared a photograph of himself with a Christmas hat on his head during a visit to a children's home.
Taxi-booking apps such as Uber and GrabTaxi are to be banned in Singapore under new regulations.
Chris Woakes and Steven Finn will replace James Anderson and Mark Wood in the England team for the first Test against South Africa in Cape Town on Thursday.
Finn, the police dog who was shot in the head while on duty in Liverpool, is back in hospital after making a full recovery.
A man and a woman have died in a fire at a house in Aberdeenshire.
Four men have been charged with attempted murder after shots were fired at a protest camp in the US city of Minneapolis in which a black man was killed.
The prime minister of Lesotho says he has been removed from power by the army in what he called a coup.
A Cardiff AM has said his home has been broken into for the second time in less than a year.
Campaigners fighting the installation of electricity pylons in the Lake District have walked through the National Park to highlight their concerns.
A group of US-Vietnamese photojournalists have been taking pictures of North Vietnamese veterans who fought in the Vietnam War, as part of a project called UBELONG.
A curfew in the US city of Baltimore has been lifted after the mayor said it was "not necessary" to extend it.
Ross County have re-signed Aberdeen goalkeeper David Quinn on loan until the end of the season.
Nottingham Forest moved into the Championship play-off places with victory over Birmingham City, despite midfielder Christian Bendtner being taken off on a stretcher.
Lancashire captain Alviro Petersen hit his 41st first-class century to put his side in a strong position against Derbyshire on day two at Old Trafford.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed little changed on Tuesday, despite the release of hacked emails from the Trump campaign.
David Cameron has said leaving the European Union would be a "big mistake" as he made his case for staying in the union.
Sebastian Coe, the Lord Mayor of London, has announced his retirement from athletics at the age of 31.
York City have signed Forest Green Rovers left-back Adam Kamdjo on a two-year deal for next season.
Sunderland midfielder Emmanuel Eboue has had his contract terminated by the club after being banned by Fifa for two years.
A witness at the trial of two men accused of attacking the editor of the Herald has told a court that he saw one of the accused wrestling with another man.
Vauxhall has summoned engineers from Germany to investigate a problem with one of its Zafira models which has caused cars to burst into flames.
The US Republican and Democratic parties are locked in a bitter battle for the presidential nomination, with just over a month to go until the caucuses and primaries.
A lightsaber-style combat sport has come to the UK for the first time with classes starting in Cheltenham.
A man has died after his car was involved in a collision with a car in Dorset.
The US government has given conditional approval for Royal Dutch Shell to drill for oil and gas in the Chukchi Sea in Alaska.
A man has admitted murdering a teacher who was found dead in a hotel room in January.
Oscar Pistorius, the double-amputee Paralympic champion from South Africa, has been charged with murder.
Turkish authorities have blocked the popular anonymising network Tor, a monitoring group has said.
Middlesbrough midfielder Federico Fazio has left the Championship club by mutual consent.
Rugby union is one of the most under-represented sports in Japan, despite the sport's growing popularity in the country.
Militants from so-called Islamic State (IS) have launched a fresh attack on the ancient Syrian city of Palmyra, Syrian state news agency Sana says.
A Co-op supermarket sign has been painted over with the word "left" instead of "right" after it was spotted being painted over.
Former Bath head coach John Guscott believes the Premiership club could be on the verge of a revival against Leicester Tigers.
More than 1,000 employees at Nottingham's Capital FM Arena have decided not to pay a new charge for parking at work.
Former Newcastle United boss Steve McClaren says he "compromised too much" during his time at St James' Park and hopes Rafael Benitez will be given greater control.
Celtic midfielder Patrick Roberts says he is "proud" of his decision not to join the Scotland Under-21 squad for the Under-20 World Cup.
Plans have been drawn up to turn one of Aberystwyth's most famous buildings into a postgraduate centre.
Voters could be asked to show a photo ID before casting their ballots under government plans to tackle voter fraud.
Nottinghamshire's Sean Mullaney hit an unbeaten century as Surrey struggled on day one of their One-Day Cup match at The Oval.
The family of a man who took his own life have said he was "at peace and away from the fear which surrounded him in the last few weeks of his life".
A petition calling for a road safety campaign for horses in Wales has been handed in to the assembly.
A book about the life of a Welsh Guardsman killed in Afghanistan has won the Man Booker Prize.
Universities in England will have to meet the cost of specialist equipment for disabled students, under government plans.
An author has said he was forced to cover up promotional material at a Women's Institute (WI) event after it was deemed "too risque".
Ireland flanker CJ Stander says there will be no extra protection for Conor Murray in Saturday's Six Nations match against Glasgow Warriors.
A large-scale trial to see if losing weight after breast cancer treatment can reduce the risk of the disease returning is being launched in the US.
Mats Hummels scored twice as Germany beat Mexico 4-1 to reach the Confederations Cup final in Russia.
Eddie Izzard has completed a gruelling challenge to run 27 marathons in 27 days in South Africa for charity.
Norwich City manager Alex Neil says his side deserved their 1-0 win over Rotherham on Saturday.
Crotone secured their Serie A survival by beating 10-man Lazio 3-1 in their final game of the season.
Hugh Grant is to star in Guy Ritchie's live-action remake of the TV series Top Gear, according to reports.
Nigeria's economy shrank by 0.3% in the second quarter of the year, according to official figures.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed higher on Wednesday, boosted by gains in the energy sector and a rise in bond yields.
Nicholas George Winton, who has died at the age of 99, was one of the UK's most prominent Jewish aid workers during World War Two.
A record 71 prisoners were released by mistake from prisons in England and Wales in 2016-17 - the highest number since records began.
A £5 coin to be minted in honour of Prince George has been unveiled by the Royal Mint.
The North East Coast Exhibition is to be held in Newcastle and Gateshead for the first time.
The mother of a 21-year-old man who was stabbed to death in Dublin has appeared in court charged with his murder.
Juventus moved three points clear at the top of Serie A with a comfortable win over Crotone.
Newcastle United clinched the Championship title for the first time in their history with a comfortable win over Barnsley.
Two men have been charged with murder following the death of a man who was stabbed outside a shop in Wolverhampton.
When I first started covering the debate on whether Yorkshire should be an independent state in the early 1960s, I asked the audience if they thought it was a good idea.
Barratt Homes has announced plans to build more than 200 homes at two new developments in Edinburgh.
Great Britain's Katie Page won Olympic silver in the women's trampoline final in Rio.
Jamie Vardy scored twice as Leicester City beat Liverpool to move one win away from the Premier League title.
Shakespeare's birthplace, the Tower of London and other medieval buildings are being targeted by a heritage agency as part of a campaign to preserve the symbols of witchcraft.
The tall chimney at Didcot power station appears to have come down, according to some social media users.
A cross-Solent ferry service between the Isle of Wight and Portsmouth has been provisionally agreed, according to travel firm Hovertravel.
The number of cruise liner visits to Guernsey last year was the lowest since 1987, according to the island's harbour master.
The man in charge of Titanic Belfast's visitors' centre has said more needs to be done to attract more people to the site.
A man who absconded from a mental health unit in Sussex has handed himself in to police.
The chief constable of Northumbria Police, who led the country's largest manhunt, is to step down next month.
Hartlepool missed the chance to go top of League Two as they were beaten at home by Barnet.
Sunderland defender Christian Kirchhoff has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Austria striker Arjen Harnik has been ruled out of the World Cup qualifier against Slovenia on Saturday because of a hamstring injury.
Nottingham Forest manager Philippe Montanier says the League Cup is the only way his side can qualify for next season's Europa League.
A plane has made an emergency landing at Edinburgh Airport after a technical fault with its engine.
A sculpture of ceramic poppies in Leeds has seen a 170% rise in visitor numbers since it was installed last year.
Former Germany defender Thomas Hitzlsperger has announced he is gay.
The Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) has said it will review all deaths linked to soldiers from a paramilitary unit during the Troubles.
A dispersal order has been issued in an Anglesey town following a series of anti-social behaviour incidents.
A boxer has been jailed for four years for attacking his ex-girlfriend and threatening to kill her.
The US has said it is "extremely concerned" by reports that Kenneth Bae has been returned to a North Korean labour camp.
Three Grade II-listed piers in Lancashire have been put up for sale.
South Africa are to begin the search for a new head coach ahead of next month's tour of England.
A security audit of the UK's biggest internet service providers (ISPs) has found a number of weaknesses that could be exploited by hackers.
A number of online gambling firms are likely to be breaking consumer law, the UK's competition watchdog has said.
An inquest into the death of pop star Lil' Chris has been opened and adjourned.
Northern Ireland's performance in the 1-0 defeat by Poland in their Euro 2016 warm-up match was not good enough.
The ability to solve maths problems has been improved by electrical stimulation of a specific part of the brain, scientists say.
A cyclist who died after being hit by a car in West Yorkshire has been named by police.
Leaked documents have revealed the extent of the US government's surveillance programme, known as Prism, which spied on millions of Americans.
Rory McIlroy is a doubt for the Dubai Desert Classic after failing to recover from a stomach bug in time.
Warwickshire batsman Ian Bell has stepped down as captain of Birmingham Bears.
French Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve has spoken to a policewoman who was on the seafront in Nice at the time of the Bastille Day attack, reports say.
Lewis Hamilton said it had been a "very, very odd weekend" as he finished fourth in the Hungarian Grand Prix.
Uganda's main opposition leader, Kizza Besigye, has been a thorn in the side of President Yoweri Museveni for years.
A Denbighshire man has said he and his wife are worried about their pets after discovering a colony ofTube web spiders in their garden.
Ulster Bank in Northern Ireland has reported a pre-tax profit of £14.5m for the year to the end of March.
A murder investigation has been launched after the body of a man was found in Manchester city centre.
A Nobel prize-winning biochemist has apologised for "stupid" remarks he made about women in science.
The number of people needing social care in England is at its lowest level since records began, according to new figures.
A former Bolivian air traffic control officer has said she tried to stop a plane crash that killed most of the Chapecoense football team.
Four members of a banned Chinese cult have been charged with the murder of a woman in a McDonald's restaurant.
Katy Perry has said she wants to end her feud with Taylor Swift, saying: "I want the best for her."
A vigil has been held in Cardiff Bay to pay tribute to the 129 people killed in the Paris attacks.
Chesterfield director of football Steve Turner has left the League One club by mutual consent.
The Welsh government has been accused of failing to publish an internal audit into the way it spent more than £1.2m in 2014/15.
Plans for a new film and television studio in Aberdeen have been given the go-ahead by Scottish ministers.
The Great British Menu judge Sue Leith is to step down after 11 series, the BBC has announced.
Egypt booked their place in the quarter-finals of the Africa Cup of Nations with victory over Uganda thanks to a late equaliser from Mohamed El Said.
Dogs could be banned from play areas in parks in Oxford under plans being considered by councillors.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at the political turmoil in Zimbabwe.
Plans to turn Stafford University's Old Bailey building into a student information centre have been approved.
Rescuers in Greenland are continuing to search for survivors of a tsunami that hit the country on Sunday.
A man has died following a two-vehicle crash on the A1(M) near Ballymena, County Antrim.
Prime Minister Theresa May is to meet US President Donald Trump in Washington later this month, the White House has confirmed.
The US State Department asked the FBI to change the classification level of a classified email sent by Hillary Clinton, newly released FBI documents show.
London is the most expensive city in the world to travel on public transport, according to a new report.
Gillingham manager Keith Pennock says the club need to sign more players if they are to challenge for promotion from League One.
Steam, the world's biggest digital games retailer, has struck a deal with US film studio Lionsgate to release video content.
Mexican police have arrested four people in connection with the escape of drug lord Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman earlier this month, officials say.
The opening of a new secondary school in West Lothian has been delayed due to delays in the construction of the site.
The government is proposing to make it easier for small businesses to deduct VAT from the amount they sell.
The government's plans to make all pupils study five traditional academic subjects at GCSE will not suit all pupils, the head of Ofsted has said.
The Royal Navy's first aircraft carrier will be based at Portsmouth from 2020, it has been announced.
A man who has been missing for more than two weeks has been spotted by a former colleague in London.
Fishermen off the coast of Wales are being asked to report any sightings of a rare species of shark.
Lava from a volcano in the US state of Hawaii has been spewing out of the top of cliffs.
Lawyers for the Republic of Ireland's state broadcaster, RTÉ, have said they will not be seeking to renew an injunction against the Irish Times.
Team Sky's Sergio Henao has been suspended by cycling's world governing body, the International Cycling Union (UCI), because of an ongoing doping investigation.
A US aid worker who was kidnapped in Syria three years ago has been released, the US State Department says.
An independent review into the murder of Belfast taxi driver Michael Finucane has found the RUC and Army were involved in the attack.
Scottish football is "suffering from poor headlines" when it comes to gambling, according to Inverness Caledonian Thistle director of football Jim Wishart.
The Chicago police officer accused of killing a black teenager in 2014 has pleaded not guilty to 16 charges of murder.
The Independent newspaper is to stop publishing its print edition in March, its owner has confirmed.
Newport County manager Justin Edinburgh has ended his interest in signing Gillingham midfielder Luke Byrne, BBC Wales Sport understands.
The plastic fiver is one of the most popular bank notes in the UK, but in Northern Ireland it is not so popular.
An Australian man who survived six days without food or water by eating ants has said he is "lucky" to be alive.
Tottenham boss Mauricio Pochettino says his side were not ready to fight for the Premier League title in their 2-0 defeat at Liverpool.
Syrian government forces have retaken a rebel-held district of the city of Homs, state media report.
Arsenal midfielder Granit Xhaka was racially abused by a member of staff at Heathrow Airport, the BBC understands.
The head of Abkhazia's de facto government has been forced to step down after a week of protests against his rule.
An Indian woman has thanked the country's railway ministry for helping her out when she needed milk for her baby.
A Kasabian music video featuring celebrities pretending to be psychiatric inpatients has been criticised by mental health campaigners.
Arsenal, Chelsea and Leicester City have all denied doping claims made by The Sunday Times.
A campaign to elect a directly-elected mayor for Cardiff has failed to reach its target, a councillor has said.
More than 1,000 sailors are set to lose their jobs after the closure of two Royal Navy bases in Hampshire.
Nigeria's military says most of the schoolgirls kidnapped in the north-eastern town of Chibok last month have escaped from their captors.
Ten men have been arrested in a raid on a suspected illegal cigarette factory in Birmingham.
The way Surrey Police investigates serious crime is "still not good enough", the police watchdog has said.
The BBC's global iPlayer app will close on 26 June, the corporation has confirmed.
A "ghoulish" building used to hold the dead before funerals has been given Grade II listed status.
An exhibition in Iran of cartoonists' depictions of Donald Trump has drawn comparisons to Nazism and racism.
Bernie Sanders, the Democratic presidential candidate, has become a hit on social media, especially with young voters.
Port Vale came from behind to beat West Bromwich Albion and reach the second round of the FA Cup.
Cambridge United have re-signed midfielder Chris Keane on a one-month loan deal from Championship side Burnley.
A woman has been left "very upset" after a raid on her home in the Highlands.
Tributes have been paid to the six people killed and more than 40 injured in a bus crash in Glasgow city centre.
England finished third at the World Rugby Under-20 Championship in Georgia with a 24-10 win over New Zealand.
A lorry has overturned on the M1 in Northamptonshire, causing delays of up to two hours.
Zuzanna Abramovic has invited the public to "be present" at her new exhibition at London's Sotheby's.
The Irish foreign minister has said there is a willingness on the part of all parties in Northern Ireland to engage constructively in talks to restore power-sharing.
An engineering firm in the Highlands is to create more than 200 new jobs after securing £10m of funding.
The family of a 72-year-old woman found dead in her Fife home have paid tribute to her.
Firefighters in Chile are battling a series of forest fires that have killed at least 20 people and injured more than 100.
The US has called on Israel to stop building new settlements in the occupied West Bank and East Jerusalem.
A couple arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences should be allowed to return home to their children, a High Court judge has ruled.
A statue has been unveiled to mark the 100th anniversary of a strike by women chainmakers in the Black Country.
A report by the International Organization for Migration (IOM) says more than 1,000 Kenyans who returned to the country from Somalia in the past two years have joined militant groups.
A woman in her 20s has died in a crash in Londonderry.
Midwives in Northern Ireland went on strike on Monday in a long-running dispute over pay.
Two 15-year-old boys from South Tyneside have been arrested on suspicion of possessing indecent images of children.
A teenager has been charged with murder after a man was stabbed to death in Essex.
A South Korean soldier has been sentenced to life in prison for killing a superior and wounding nine others in a revenge attack.
Toyota has said it will invest £100m in its UK car plant, creating up to 200 jobs.
A lack of public money for sport in Wales is a "public health issue", the head of the country's football association has said.
The leader of South Africa's main opposition Democratic Alliance (DA) party has announced she is to step down.
Chris Eubank Jr has offered to hand over his British super-middleweight title as a "goodwill gesture" to former champion Ryan Blackwell.
A grieving family in the US state of Alaska were told their son had been killed in a car crash, only to find out he was not dead at all.
League One side Notts County have signed Queens Park Rangers left-back Jordan Rhodes on loan until the end of the season.
Scotland's top law officer has told the Supreme Court it would be "fatal" for Holyrood to rely on devolution when it comes to triggering Brexit.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder following the death of a man in Coleraine, County Londonderry.
Gardaí (Irish police) have said claims that Sinn Féin leader Gerry Adams was involved in the murder of Peter Donaldson are "absolute nonsense".
A blue plaque has been unveiled in honour of a World War Two British general who helped liberate a Nazi death camp.
A pipe bomb has been found on a road in Dumfries and Galloway.
Nico Rosberg set the pace in final practice at the Hungarian Grand Prix as Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton struggled.
A nursery in Ceredigion has been forced to close after an intruder broke into its play area.
Home improvement retailer Kingfisher has agreed to sell its B&Q business in China to Wumei Holdings for £140m.
Canada has said it is "disappointed" that the EU has failed to reach an agreement on a free trade deal with Belgium's Wallonia region.
Hundreds of people have attended an event in Merthyr Tydfil to remember the victims of the Tredegar disaster.
The odds-on favourite for the 2016 Grand National, 10-1 shot Paddy Power, is set to make his Grand National debut on Saturday.
Former England and Norwich City footballer Jamie McKenzie is to fight for the first time since turning professional.
The RSPB has issued a warning about the dangers of plastic bags following the discovery of a rare bird in a loch.
Police are investigating the death of a man whose body was found in a street in Manchester.
Nottinghamshire voted overwhelmingly to leave the European Union, with more than two-thirds of voters in the county backing Brexit.
Edin Dzeko scored a hat-trick as Roma beat Bologna 3-0 to boost their hopes of a top-four finish in Serie A.
The culture secretary's decision to award a grant to the organisers of the Tartan Heart Festival was a "legitimate policy decision", Audit Scotland has said.
Anthony Joshua has the "b brutish strength" of George Foreman and Frank Bruno, says former world champion Chris Harrison.
Jayaram Jayalalitha, the former chief minister of the southern Indian state of Tamil Nadu, has died at the age of 82.
Police investigating the death of a man whose remains lay undiscovered for up to three years have said they have found no evidence of foul play.
More than 100 Afghan soldiers have been killed in a Taliban attack on an army base, the defence ministry has said.
Great Britain's Davis Cup team have reached the semi-finals of the competition for only the second time in their history.
It is early morning in Belgrade and the only sign of life can be seen outside the makeshift refugee centre set up by Save The Children in the city centre.
Aberdeen manager Peter Houston has set his sights on a top-four Premiership finish in his first season in charge.
A man has died after getting into difficulty in the River Tawe in Penlee, Cornwall.
Kilcoo edged out 10-man Scotstown 1-12 to 1-9 in the Ulster Under-21 Football Championship final at Croke Park thanks to Michael Johnston's goal.
Welsh triathlete Elinor Jenkins says she hopes to qualify for the 2016 Rio Olympics after fellow Briton Non Stanford pulled out of the World Championships.
Taoiseach (Irish Prime Minister) Enda Kenny has announced that he will not stand for re-election in May.
An inquest into the death of Cumbrian toddler Poppi Worthington has been adjourned.
The US space company United Launch Alliance (ULA) has unveiled plans for a new rocket that will feature an all-American engine.
The death of A$AP Mob founder Steven Rodriguez has been linked to drugs, the New York Times reports.
Sheffield Wednesday manager Karl Saunders is investigating claims striker Mame Biram Diouf was seen in a nightclub hours before the club's most recent game.
Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes insists his side are not intimidated by their Europa League first-round tie against NK Domzale.
Henrik Stenson and Justin Rose will play together in the fourballs for Europe in the Ryder Cup at Hazeltine on Saturday.
Belfast's office rents have risen, but are still well below the UK average, according to new figures.
In 2011, the Fukushima nuclear plant in Japan suffered one of the worst accidents in the history of nuclear power.
A police helicopter was targeted by a laser beam as it was flying over Northamptonshire.
An artificial intelligence system that can read people's lips has been developed by Oxford University researchers.
Theresa May has been trying to reassure world leaders that the UK is still a strong and open country after it leaves the EU.
Scientists in Australia say they have found a way to stop the spread of cane toads across the continent.
Pakistan coach Waqar Younis says the International Cricket Council (ICC) has no reason to investigate his side's Test defeat by England.
Google is to remove unskippable 30-second adverts from its YouTube video service, the BBC understands.
Wales have recalled midfielders Chris Chester and Chris Matthews for Saturday's Euro 2016 qualifier against Belgium in Cardiff.
A Christian bakery that refused to make a cake with a cartoon of the Prophet Muhammad could face legal action, a court has heard.
Athletics' world governing body, European Athletics, has ratified proposals to change the way world records are recognised.
A man accused of forcing two men to work in his garage has told the Old Bailey that one of the men was his son-in-law.
A 19-year-old woman has died in hospital following a two-vehicle crash in east Belfast.
Rugby union's hall of fame has opened its doors to the public for the first time.
The Army's first female commanding officer has been appointed as the head of a military academy in Somerset.
A jewellers in Teesside has been robbed in a similar manner to one in Yarm in November, police have said.
Sam Robson and James Stirling hit centuries on the opening day of the County Championship match between Middlesex and Yorkshire at Lord's.
A woman has been left blind in one eye after being hit by a laser pen being held by two teenage boys in Edinburgh.
A man accused of murdering his six-year-old grandson had a "callous" personality disorder, a psychiatrist has told a jury.
The US economy added fewer than expected jobs in May, according to official figures, but the unemployment rate fell to a 17-year low.
Reading midfielder Paul McAnuff says he would like to stay at the club beyond the end of the season.
The average number of steps taken by the average person in the world is less than half of what it is in Hong Kong, according to a study.
NHS Direct is to pull out of the remaining nine NHS 111 services in England, the BBC understands.
Plans for a new justice centre in Inverness have been unveiled.
Cardiff City director of football Mehmet Dalman says manager Russell Slade knows the pressures facing the club.
The High Court has ruled that Next, one of the UK's biggest builders, broke tax rules by using a scheme that allowed it to claim tax relief on overseas profits.
Artist Banksy is among the nominees for this year's South Bank Sky Arts Awards, which honour the best in British culture.
The widower of murdered MP Jo Cox has been awarded the George Cross for bravery.
A Scottish Paralympic athlete has said he is "over the moon" after being told he does not have a brain tumour.
It could be over in hours - or it could take weeks.
Guy Martin has been ruled out of this year's Ulster Grand Prix (UGP) at Dundrod because of injury.
Cynthia, one of the survivors of Thursday's massacre in Garissa, shook her head as if to clear it.
The price of carbon permits in the European Union has fallen below 5 euros ($5.20; Â£4.90) per permit for the first time since 2009.
Ghana's government has fined a private company $1.5m (£1.1m) for overspending on refurbishing buses and branding them with portraits of the president and his predecessors.
Four people have been arrested in raids in France in connection with the Paris attacks, the interior minister says.
On the 25th anniversary of the Hillsborough disaster, BBC News takes a look back at the events leading up to the FA Cup semi-final.
The man who led the searches for two of the Disappeared has died.
Plans to test drill for shale gas in Nottinghamshire have been submitted to the county council.
A baby was left in a critical condition after choking on his own spit, his mother said.
Malaysia has cancelled a concert by US singer Erykah Badu after a newspaper published a photo of her with tattoos that included the word "Allah".
A loggerhead turtle found washed up on two British beaches has died, an aquarium has confirmed.
It's been another busy year for England women's cricket team.
Wigan Warriors have completed the signing of England full-back Sam Tomkins from Premiership rivals Saracens.
Sheffield Wednesday defender Callum Wildsmith has signed a new two-year contract with the Championship club.
Carlisle United manager Kevin Cox has said he will not be tempted to sell striker Joe Cook to another club.
Lancashire's batsmen enjoyed a fine day at Old Trafford as they piled up a huge score against Hampshire.
England captain Dylan Hartley says his side still have "a lot to work on" despite winning the three-Test series against Australia.
A giant panda at Hong Kong's Ocean Park is due to give birth to its first cub, zoo officials have confirmed.
The number of people killed in a fire at a nightclub in the Romanian capital, Bucharest, on Friday has risen to 39, officials say.
A woman has pleaded guilty to the manslaughter of a man who was found dead at a house in Lincolnshire.
An NHS trust has been ordered to pay £290,000 in damages to the family of a baby girl who suffered severe brain damage during birth.
A nine-year-old boy should be placed in foster care because his mother and father have mental health problems, a judge has ruled.
The family of a woman who was stabbed to death by her ex-boyfriend have lost their appeal against a ruling that police failed to protect her.
Facebook has been urged by a Belgian watchdog to do more to protect the privacy of its users.
ITV has commissioned a sixth series of Downton Abbey, it has been announced.
Chancellor Philip Hammond and Prime Minister Theresa May will "still be neighbours" after the general election, the pair have said.
Community health councils in Wales say they are "the best kept secret" in the health service.
Sir Mick Jagger and Martin Scorsese's musical drama Vinyl has been cancelled by HBO after one season.
One child in Northern Ireland contacted Childline every day last year with suicidal thoughts, the charity has said.
Plans for a new lifeboat station in Scarborough have been given the go-ahead.
Michael Phelps set a new world record to win the 200m individual medley on his return to competition after a 12-month ban.
Lyon midfielder Rui Lopes was injured when two firecrackers were thrown from the stands during their French Ligue 1 match at Metz.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after two men were killed in a crash in Stoke-on-Trent.
An MSP who wants to make it easier for terminally ill people to end their lives has unveiled her new bill.
A baseball game between the Baltimore Orioles and the New York Yankees was played without fans on Sunday, amid continuing riots in the city.
A growing number of countries are allowing people to identify as "bigender" or "big female", or even "big male".
Switzerland's parliament is debating a proposal to limit the number of people who can come to the country.
A woman has been airlifted to hospital with serious injuries after a two-vehicle crash in Powys.
Ferguson Shipbuilders has been sold to Clyde Blowers Capital, a Glasgow-based investment firm led by John McColl, for an undisclosed sum.
The steelworks that once dominated the skyline of Port Talbot is still there, as it was when the plant closed in 1992.
A man who threw a boy to the ground and called a girl a "whore" has been jailed for eight years.
Prison in England and Wales is becoming a "punitive holding operation for people growing older and sicker behind bars", according to a report by the Prison Trust.
A 25-year-old man has been charged after a petrol bomb was thrown at a pharmacy in west Belfast.
Rescue workers in Indonesia are continuing to search for survivors after a powerful earthquake hit the north-eastern province of Aceh on Wednesday.
Michael Rowland scored a hat-trick as Armagh beat Louth 3-12 to 0-11 in Sunday's Ulster SFC game at Croke Park.
A French woman has become the first person to take legal action against the French government over air pollution in Paris.
Defending champions Germany were knocked out of the Women's Euro 2017 in the quarter-finals as Denmark came from behind to win 2-1.
Liberal Democrat leader Tim Farron has said he "absolutely support equality" for gay and lesbian people.
A German man has taken Facebook to the High Court in Dublin in a bid to force the social network to reveal more about the data it transfers to the US.
Birmingham City captain Gary Robinson has signed a new one-year contract with the Premier League club.
Firefighters have been called to homes in Dorset and Dorset where insecticides have been used to control pests, the fire service has said.
Poland has declared a state of emergency in the Bialowieza forest after storms brought down thousands of trees and killed dozens of birds.
The Department of Education (DEL) in Northern Ireland is to cut the number of further education staff by more than 200.
Forfar Athletic extended their lead at the top of Scottish League Two to seven points with a 2-0 win over Berwick Rangers.
A Londonderry man who was one of four men cleared of murdering a police officer in the 1970s has said he is "disappointed" that his original interview notes have gone missing.
Council schools should be allowed to take on the running of failing academies, the local government body says.
The cholesterol-lowering drugs statins could prevent more than 1,000 heart attacks a year, according to a new review.
Astronaut Tim Peake has returned to Earth after a six-month mission on board the International Space Station.
Romania won Olympic gold in the men's team epee with victory over defending champions China in Rio.
Theresa May has ruled out scrapping the lower vehicle tax for diesel cars as part of plans to tackle air pollution in the UK.
Dundee manager Grant McCann says the club need a database of players to help him in the transfer market.
The head of the International Olympic Committee (IOC), Thomas Bach, says the sport's anti-doping system is "not good enough" despite the Russian doping scandal.
Former Wales and British and Irish Lions scrum-half John Faull has died at the age of 83.
There are two camps in India - those who believe that the country's economic growth over the past decade has been good for the poor and those who think the opposite.
Former world number one Tiger Woods says he is concerned about his fitness ahead of his return to competitive golf after a 15-month lay-off.
A woman has spoken of her shock after a man was shot in the leg at her home in Londonderry.
The FBI has arrested a man in Thailand on suspicion of helping to run the dark web marketplace Silk Road.
Plymouth Argyle moved into the League Two play-off places with victory at Mansfield, who remain without a win this season.
The World Rugby Sevens Series returns to Paris this weekend for the 10th and final leg of the series.
Hibernian manager Neil Lennon hopes his side will not have to return to Scottish League One for a long time.
A man has died in a hang-gliding crash in East Sussex.
Cardiff City defender Scott Morrison says the Bluebirds need to "learn lessons" after conceding three late goals in their last three games.
Zambia coach Peter Chambeshi says his team have the strength and power to match Germany in Wednesday's World Cup Group C match.
Venezuela's President Nicolas Maduro has accused the US of "imperialism" after Washington imposed sanctions on several senior officials ahead of a controversial constituent assembly vote.
Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych has held talks with Russian President Vladimir Putin in Sochi, amid continuing anti-government protests.
French police have evicted Roma (Gypsies) from a camp on a railway line in Paris, in a move condemned by rights groups.
Broadcaster Jon Snow has backed a campaign to save one of the world's longest passenger ferries.
The family of a man who died after being hit by a lorry are trying to raise money to build a woodland survival centre in his honour.
A garden in memory of Pink Floyd legend Syd Barrett is to be named after him, his former art teacher has said.
Philippine presidential candidate Rodrigo Duterte has been criticised after he appeared to joke about the rape and murder of a female missionary.
Former Prime Minister John Major has been accused of an "absolute dismissal" of democracy after he called for a second referendum on Brexit.
The winner of a competition to take the best photograph of Bristol in one hour has been announced.
The number of pupils appealing against their GCSE and A-level results has risen for the third year in a row.
Boeing has reported a fall in sales and profits for 2016, as demand for its military and commercial planes fell.
Coleraine rowers Peter Cassells and David Scrimgeour won gold and silver respectively at the European Rowing Championships in Gothenburg.
Australia beat India by seven wickets in the first Test in India to claim their first series win in the country since 2004.
Universities will be able to offer full degrees online within five years, according to the head of an online learning platform.
Jockey Aidan O'Brien secured his first Group One victory with victory in the Irish Grand National at Aintree.
Travellers in the Republic of Ireland are genetically closer to Irish settled people than previously thought, a study has found.
Highland Council has said work to stabilise rock in the area of the A890 bypass in Dumfries and Galloway is continuing.
A 33-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the deaths of a man and a woman in Dundee.
Great Britain's Tom Benson won gold in the men's triathlon at the World Triathlon Series event in Abu Dhabi.
Wrexham's Burrell Museum is to reopen to the public in 2020, the city council has announced.
An RSPB-led project to restore a river bend in Surrey has seen a rise in the number of salmon.
Yemen's national airline has been charged with negligence over a plane crash off the coast of the Comoros Islands in 2012 that killed more than 150 people.
Louisiana Governor Bobby Jindal has issued a prescription for the Republican party: stop making weird noises about rape.
Women's Super League One side Orlando City have signed five-time world player of the year Marta.
Scottish Labour's Ian Murray has held his Edinburgh South seat in the general election, increasing his majority to 15,514.
Salford Red Devils have parted company with head coach Paul Frayssinous after a run of poor results.
Monaco's Prince Jacques has given birth to twins, Gabriella and Jacques, with his wife Charlene, the palace has said.
A clinic for women who have been raped or sexually assaulted during childbirth is to be launched in London.
Northern Ireland sprinter Gemma Foster qualified for the 100m final at the World Championships in London, but Paralympic star Jason Smyth and sprinter Harry Reid were disqualified.
A number of people have been arrested following clashes between far-right protesters and counter-demonstrators in Maidstone.
Tax evaders should face the same penalties as those who help them, according to Danny Alexander.
South Africa's Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan has said the country's economy is in crisis.
Nigel Farage should take a break as UKIP leader, the party's deputy leader has said.
The Wedgwood Museum's collection has been sold to the Victoria and Albert Museum after a £1.5m fundraising campaign.
Saudi Arabia is the largest country in the world, with an estimated population of 28 million.
The number of children in the UK being bullied online has more than doubled in the past year, a charity has said.
Police have released an image of a man they want to speak to in connection with a sexual assault on a 15-year-old girl in Hertfordshire.
Five cygnets have been killed and another injured in a suspected hit-and-run in County Fermanagh.
A pub has agreed a deal to sell its Grade II-listed Corn Exchange to a group of people who want to turn it into flats.
The prime minister has called for a "big cultural change" in the way sport is taught in schools.
The number of sexually transmitted infections (STI) in England has risen sharply over the past five years, figures show.
Britain's Chris Froome missed out on the Vuelta a Espana title after being involved in a crash at the end of the race.
Comedian Jeremy Vine has written to a 15-year-old boy who was filmed being "savagely punched" by a group of bullies in Romford.
One in five homes in the UK could be owned by a co-operative group, according to a new report.
Prestwick Airport is preparing for its busiest summer on record, its operator has said.
Technology giant Hewlett Packard has announced that it will cut another 20,000 jobs as part of a restructuring plan.
Partick Thistle moved seven points clear at the top of the Premiership with victory over Motherwell at Fir Park.
Ambulances have been queuing for more than a year at accident and emergency (A&E) departments in Yorkshire, figures show.
Two men have appeared in court charged with the murder of a woman who was shot in the head.
Tributes have been paid to the British conductor, composer and musicologist John Hogwood, who has died at the age of 83.
A lion cub has been found in the cage of its new owner at a wildlife reserve in the US state of California.
George Osborne is to seek German support for the UK's EU reform plans when he visits Berlin later.
An Australian mining company has been found guilty of causing the collapse of a sacred site in the Northern Territory.
Shoppers in the UK are heading to the shops on Friday to get their hands on Black Friday bargains.
An Indian transgender woman has won a legal battle to become a police officer in the state of Tamil Nadu.
The director general of the Football Association, Jim Duffy, has called for the abolition of the inter-county U21 Football championship.
A man has been taken to hospital after being hit by a lorry on the A96 in Dumfries and Galloway.
A US start-up has developed a 3D-printed prosthetic limb that can be fitted with a standard socket and hand.
Celtic defender Mikael Lustig says manager Ronny Deila is not to blame for the club's failure to qualify for the Champions League.
Manchester City will go into Wednesday's second leg of their Champions League semi-final against Real Madrid at the Etihad Stadium in a confident mood.
Wrexham assistant manager Gary Morrell has been asked to take charge of the club's first team following the departure of Paul Saunders.
When it comes to shopping for clothes in London, Michael DeLeon is a big fan of Comme Des Garcons.
Civil servants are to be asked to check passports at UK borders in the event of a strike by UK border officials.
Kenya's Rita Cheruiyot won Olympic gold in the women's 5,000m as Olympic champion Almaz Almaz failed to defend her title in Rio.
The bodies of two men who were killed in an explosion at a digger manufacturer in Harford, County Down, have been recovered.
The US and the UK have called on the UN to speed up air drops of aid to besieged areas of Syria.
Top UK firms are "systematically excluding bright working-class applicants" from their workforce, according to a new report.
League Two side Notts County have re-signed Brighton & Hove Albion midfielder George Long on loan until the end of the season.
The US government has filed a lawsuit against disgraced former cyclist Lance Armstrong for $100m (Â£65m).
A new group has been set up to help people in Northern Ireland affected by rare diseases.
A judge in the US state of Wisconsin has ordered that two 12-year-old girls accused of stabbing a classmate 19 times should be tried as adults.
Work has begun on the final section of the Dakota Access oil pipeline, after the US army gave the developer the go-ahead.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at some of the key stories from this year's Hungarian elections.
Two men have been remanded in custody after being charged in connection with the theft of £50,000 worth of food from a factory.
A Danish prince who was pulled from the surf on Australia's Gold Coast might well have died, a lifeguard has said.
On BBC Radio 4's Today programme, Boris Johnson was talking about the EU's rules on bananas.
At the age of 12, Indian student Varun Kohli set out to build the world's first humanoid robot.
Somalia's Islamist militant group al-Shabab has said it has repelled a US air strike on its training camp in the north-east of the country.
A World War Two battle window at a Cardiff church is in danger of collapsing, the council has warned.
A man has died after the car he was driving crashed into a wall and ended up across a garden.
Primary school pupils in England are to be tested on their times tables for the first time, under new plans.
Olympic silver medallist Louis Smith is to be investigated by British Gymnastics after a video emerged appearing to show him laughing at another gymnast's religious practices.
Five disabled people have lost a High Court bid to challenge the government's plans to scrap the Independent Living Fund (ILF).
Security firm G4S has reported a rise in revenue for the six months to the end of September, helped by growth in emerging markets and North America.
Two more people have been killed in Venezuela during protests against the government of President Nicolas Maduro.
Airbus has cut the number of A380 passenger jets it will build in the next two years because of delays in engines.
One of the UK's leading business figures has said the country should stay in the European Union, while another says it should leave.
An illegal high-rise building has collapsed in the western Indian city of Mumbai killing at least 20 people, police say.
The world's biggest fund manager, BlackRock, is set to cut up to 1,000 jobs, according to reports.
Sporting Kansas City striker Dom Dwyer, who has been named in the MLS All Star team for the second year in a row, was born and raised in Norfolk.
Russia says it has done everything it can to regain the trust of athletics' world governing body.
Two crematorium workers have been sacked after using another person's ashes in a ceremony to scatter a family's ashes.
The BBC is to be the subject of one of the most high-profile speeches in the history of the Edinburgh Festival Fringe.
Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt is to meet junior doctors in a bid to defuse a dispute over a new contract.
Hamilton maintained their unbeaten start to the season with a comfortable victory over Inverness Caledonian Thistle.
A £15m fund to boost culture and technology in the north of England has been announced by the government.
Serena Williams has become the first woman to win the Australian Open and Wimbledon in the same year.
Police in Italy and the US say they have arrested 18 people in a major operation against organised crime.
Zimbabwe's President Robert Mugabe has signed into law a controversial law aimed at giving more power to the country's white minority.
Scotland's new police code of conduct has come into force.
A 90-year-old woman has been told she will have to pay more than £18,000 to get a landline.
He was the man who made Scotland's independence movement a national obsession.
Gigi Hadid's fashion designer, Tommy Hilfiger, has said he was "upset" by an interview in which he suggested the model was not thin enough.
The ex-wife of US radio and TV star Fred Kasem is suing him for $10m (Â£6.5m) in a US court.
Russian football fan Alexander Shprygin has been deported from France after being arrested at a Euro 2016 match.
Gambian President Yahya Jammeh has been accused of stealing more than $1bn (Â£700m) from the country's state coffers.
The prime minister has defended the UK's decision not to guarantee the rights of EU citizens living in the UK after Brexit.
Kilmarnock were held to a goalless draw by 10-man Celtic in the Scottish Premiership despite the dismissal of Italian striker Paolo Pascali in the first half.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle's slim Premiership survival hopes suffered a further blow as they were beaten by St Johnstone at Firhill.
Fiji will play South Africa in the quarter-finals of the World Rugby Sevens Series in New Zealand on Sunday.
Google has introduced a new system to stop people being tricked into using its Captcha checks.
Paralympic champion Jason Smyth says he wants to return to the Games in 2016 after missing out on Olympic qualification in London last year.
Irish Gypsies who caused "lots of damage" at a party by decorating a golf course with cakes decorated with fairy tales and princesses have been given to homeless shelters.
Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns has been questioned by AMs on the Wales Bill at the assembly's finance committee.
Belfast-based Mexican restaurant chain Boojum has been taken over in a deal worth more than Â£1m.
A 16-year-old boy from Norwich has been arrested in connection with the TalkTalk hacking attack.
A Russian military jet has crashed in Syria, near the border with Turkey, Russian and Turkish officials say.
US-led coalition air strikes have killed a senior commander of the Islamic State (IS) group in the Iraqi city of Falluja, the Pentagon says.
Arsenal midfielder Santi Cazorla has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a foot injury.
Tracey Harrington won the Irish Champion Hurdle for the second year in a row with Our Duke at Leopardstown.
Mae'n Swyddog Datblygu Pêl-droed wedi bod yn rhan fawr o'i fywyd ers iddo fod yn blentyn.
NHS trusts in England have been rated "outstanding" and "poor" after a series of measures to improve safety.
A disabled man has been assaulted in his own home in the Meadow area of Inverness in the early hours.
A man has died after his car left the road and hit a tree in Surrey.
The Iranian government has been forced to apologise to the country's people after a series of revelations about the salaries of top officials.
Officials at Yellowstone National Park in the US have issued a warning after a bison calf was abandoned by a group of visitors.
House prices in the UK rose by 7.8% in the year to March, according to official figures.
Teaching assistants in Dumfries and Galloway could face industrial action over plans to change their contracts, a union has said.
Torquay United have signed Gibraltar international Steven Davis on a two-year deal.
British number two Heather Watson has parted company with her coach Roberto Veronelli after less than two years in charge.
A ceasefire brokered by Russia and the United States came into force in Syria on 1 September, with the aim of bringing an end to the conflict in the country.
Two British students have gone on trial in Poland accused of stealing artefacts from the Auschwitz death camp during a school visit.
US Vice-President Joe Biden has told Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau that his country needs him "very, very badly".
Huddersfield Town head coach David Wagner has signed a new two-year deal with the Premier League club.
"When you start a business in Kenya, you are not considered an entrepreneur," says Elizabeth Terry, as she shows me around her hair salon in Nairobi.
A doctor accused of manslaughter over the death of a six-year-old boy should have asked more questions about his condition, a court has heard.
Plans to build a new nature centre in Sherwood Forest will "destroy" the area's wildlife, campaigners have said.
A letter written by Vladimir Putin and George W Bush to a Gateshead man who helped film the summit of world leaders in 1994 is to be sold at auction.
A bronze sculpture believed to have been stolen from an Indian temple has been returned to the country it was bought from, a Singapore museum says.
Hundreds of commuters have been treated to a "magic train" as they waited for a train in Kent.
Former world number one Luke Donald says he considered quitting golf because he was finding it "so very hard".
In the summer of 1917, a ship sailed from New York to Cuba with a group of settlers.
Elections for councils in England and Wales will be held on 2 May 2013.
The number of new cases of dementia in men has fallen by more than 40,000 in the past two decades, a study suggests.
Isle of Wight Council has launched an appeal against a court ruling that a father who took his daughter on holiday in term time broke the law.
A Swansea man who became known as "Santa Claus" has died at the age of 91.
Hundreds of people in Germany have attended the funeral of a German Kurdish fighter killed fighting so-called Islamic State (IS) in Syria.
Theresa May has set out her vision for the future of the Conservative Party in a speech ahead of the party leadership contest.
A man has been charged in the death of a referee in the US state of Michigan who was knocked unconscious by a punch during a game.
A 20-year-old woman has been shot dead on a road in the US state of Rhode Island.
A teenager has been found guilty of trying to radicalise an 18-year-old who had befriended him after the killing of Fusilier Lee Rigby.
An Indian newspaper editor has been arrested for allegedly fabricating a story about a ban on Muslims teaching yoga abroad.
Scientists have measured the "spirit level" of Loch Ness for the first time - a measure of how the Earth's crust deforms in response to ocean movements.
An inquest into the Shoreham air disaster, in which 11 people died, has been delayed.
Three men have been found guilty of stealing more than £200,000 by blowing up cash machines in Aberdeenshire.
A senior Australian Catholic bishop has accused the Vatican of sending the wrong message about child sexual abuse in the church.
Celtic midfielder Patrick Roberts has told his parent club that he wants to return to the club this summer.
An engineer who built a 3D-printed robot that can drive on a tank of diesel says he hopes it will inspire others to take up engineering.
More than half of UK firms have been the victim of a cyber attack in the past year, according to a new report.
Pope Francis is on a three-day trip to Africa, where he is expected to make a series of speeches on religious tolerance and peace.
The president of the European Commission, Jean-Claude Juncker, has said his country's tax deals were "in compliance" with international rules.
Scotland's Laura Muir set a new Scottish 1500m record in her first race of the season at the Diamond League meeting in Glasgow.
Wladimir Jutkiewicz's late equaliser for Birmingham City denied Newcastle United a place in the FA Cup fourth round.
Mark Cavendish says he was a victim of his own success as Russia's Alexander Vinokourov won the Volta a Catalunya in London.
All Saints are celebrating their 20th anniversary with a special concert at London's O2 Arena on Saturday.
Jamie Murray and Bruno Soares missed out on a place in the final of the ATP World Tour Finals for the first time in their career.
A man who died after being hit by a car has been named by police.
Volunteers on the Isle of Man are being urged to help clean up the island's beaches.
The sale and supply of so-called legal highs in England and Wales will be banned under new government plans.
As NFL commissioner Roger Goodell prepares for his first press conference of the new year, it would be premature to say that 2015 is going to be any different to 2014.
A hospital worker who secretly filmed himself raping patients has been jailed for eight years.
The Irish Open will return to Ballyliffin, County Donegal, in 2018.
Tim Leaning's maiden first-class century put Yorkshire in a strong position against Lancashire on day two of the Roses match at Headingley.
Supermarket chain Asda has said it will increase the price it pays for milk from Monday and introduce a Farmer's Marque label.
US printer giant HP has apologised for the way it informed users that their printer ink cartridges would no longer work.
A US judge has ruled that the sale of the Los Angeles Clippers basketball team can go ahead, despite claims that the owner, Donald Sterling, was mentally unfit to sell.
A primary school has been forced to close for the weekend after 26 pupils and staff fell ill with a norovirus.
The assembly's presiding officer has called for more people to register to vote ahead of May's elections.
Oil giant Royal Dutch Shell has defended its plans to drill for oil in the Arctic, despite criticism from environmental group Greenpeace.
Tributes have been paid to Labour MP Jo Cox, who was shot dead outside her constituency surgery.
Israel's prime minister has promised a "fierce" response to stone-throwing after the death of a 20-year-old man in Jerusalem on Monday.
The Republic of Ireland's president is to decide whether to refer a controversial new abortion law to the country's highest court.
The crew of the St Abbs lifeboat have agreed to hand back their pagers in a bid to save the station.
Kumar Sangakkara hit an unbeaten century on the opening day of Surrey's County Championship Division One game against Gloucestershire at The Oval.
Wolves have been taken over by Chinese conglomerate Fosun International.
Birds and bumblebees may be fighting each other for places to nest, according to a study.
The Prince of Wales has told officer cadets they will face trials "as great as any faced by our forebears", as they passed out from Sandhurst.
Leicester City have signed Riyad Mahrez from French Ligue 1 side Le Havre for an undisclosed fee.
The US has closed its embassy in Yemen, warning that al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP) is a threat to the US and its allies.
Scotland scrum-half Jonny Gray hopes his side can establish a winning habit and end the Six Nations on a high.
The number of visitors from the Republic of Ireland to Northern Ireland could have been affected by the Troubles, a report has suggested.
"Rodrigo was a really good football player," says the outreach worker who first met the 14-year-old Rodrigo Kelton in a shelter in Fortaleza, Brazil, in 2009.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of supplying Class A drugs after taking what was thought to be a new form of MDMA, known as "pink champagne".
Sir Mick Jagger has paid tribute to his partner, fashion designer Jill Scott, saying he will "never forget her".
More than 10,000 new homes could be built in York over the next 20 years, according to a report.
A BBC-funded Zimbabwean radio station has gone off air after more than 20 years.
Funding for children's mental health services in England has failed to materialise, campaigners have said.
The family of a Welsh contestant in the Eurovision Song Contest are flying to Sweden to watch him perform in front of an international audience.
Salford Red Devils have signed former Leeds Rhinos full-back Ryan Hood on a two-year deal.
A British man is attempting to become the first person to swim across the Atlantic Ocean without a kickboard.
It's that time of year again when many of you are looking for ways to get fit and active.
The BBC's Women of Africa season is celebrating the achievements of women in business and politics.
Two Russian officials have been expelled from the United States in response to an attack on a US diplomat in Moscow, the White House says.
England all-rounder Ben Stokes hit his first Twenty20 international half-century to help his side beat India by seven wickets in Mohali and level the series.
Northamptonshire Police has referred itself to the police watchdog over its handling of the search for a woman who was found dead.
The UK government has been accused of breaching human rights by failing to properly investigate the Troubles in Northern Ireland.
In this week's Disability Works, we look at some of the latest technology innovations being developed for the visually impaired.
A 17-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences in connection with the disappearance of two brothers from West Yorkshire.
Olympic champion Nick Scott missed out on gold at the World Cup regatta in Spain as he finished second in the RS:X event.
Hundreds of people have taken part in a parade to mark the 70th anniversary of the Royal Navy base at Yeovil.
A man whose car was stolen has said he was told by police there was "very little chance" he would be caught.
Malaysian philanthropist Khong Tiong Siong is known as the "Soup Queen" for her work to feed the poor.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo travels to northern Nigeria to find out what life is like for those who do not have access to mainstream education.
The US embassy in Turkey has issued an emergency travel warning, saying there are "credible threats" to tourist areas in Istanbul and Antalya.
The Conservatives have taken control of Derbyshire County Council.
Two men have died in separate road accidents in the Republic of Ireland.
The Fukushima nuclear disaster was a "profoundly manmade disaster" caused by "wilful negligence" by the operator, Tokyo Electric Power Company (Tepco), an independent panel has said.
The Football Association's chairman Greg Dyke has announced he will not stand for re-election in May.
NatWest and RBS have warned that they could start charging interest on business accounts in the event of the Bank of England's interest rate falling below zero.
The government's plans to relax Sunday trading restrictions in England have been defeated in the House of Commons.
The Golden State Warriors came from behind to beat the Portland Trail Blazers and win the best-of-seven NBA Finals.
Wolves midfielder Conor Coady says he will not be distracted by the memories of his time at Liverpool when he returns to Anfield on Saturday.
A bar in County Londonderry has been ordered to close for three months after a man was found dead in its premises.
A man has been banned from owning animals after he was caught on camera eating a fish at a fair.
Albania have been banned for two matches by Uefa for crowd trouble during their World Cup qualifying defeat by Serbia.
The Confederation of African Football (Caf) has announced that it has signed a new sponsorship deal with the world's biggest energy company.
Newport County were beaten 2-0 by Barry Town in their final pre-season friendly before the start of the National League.
Pakistan have been given the go-ahead to play in the World Twenty20 after the Indian government gave its approval.
Bristol City midfielder James Morrison says manager Gary Rowett was right to criticise his side's "unprofessional" display in their defeat by Sheffield Wednesday.
Brazil's new President Michel Temer has vowed to restore trust in the country after the Senate voted to impeach his predecessor Dilma Rousseff.
Scientists say they have found evidence of a huge outburst flood that took place 1,900 years before the founding of the Chinese civilisation.
A Florida teenager has been charged with practising without a medical licence after allegedly posing as a doctor.
Rafael Nadal is one of the most successful tennis players in the world.
The number of skier days in Scotland's outdoor snowsports industry in the 2014-15 season has been estimated to have been the lowest on record.
Two police officers have been jailed for 12 years each for conspiring to steal drugs from the force.
Lancashire head coach Ashley Giles says his side are "far from safe" in the Division One relegation battle.
A man who raped a woman in a Leicester park has been jailed for a second time.
Cornwall director of rugby Andy Dawe says he hopes Twickenham will not lose its status as the home of the County Championship.
Oscar-winning actor Matthew McConaughey has surprised students at the University of Texas by driving them home at night.
Ghana's parliament has passed a law requiring government officials to hand over state-owned property within a month of the election of a new president.
Donald Trump has come under fire for saying the African-American communities in the US are "in the worst shape they've ever been" during a rally.
Former Peterborough United and Cambridge United player and manager John Turner has died at the age of 68.
Two people have been rescued after their dinghy capsized off the coast of Invergordon.
A bid by Northern Ireland's attorney general to refer a gay cake case to the Supreme Court has been rejected by judges at Belfast's Appeal Court.
The Labour Party has been accused of being "desperate" and "arbitrary" over the exclusion of thousands of people from next month's general election.
The daughter of a US doctor who was dragged off a United Airlines flight has said she is "horrified and shocked" by what happened to him.
Former Labour leader Harriet Harman has criticised the UK government's handling of the killing of an Aberdeen man in Syria.
An amateur boxing association is "not fit for purpose" and does not qualify to receive public money, according to an audit.
Three schools in Edinburgh are to remain closed until at least the end of the Easter holidays after safety concerns were found.
A German woman is suing Bayer, the maker of the Yasminelle contraceptive pill, for failing to warn her of the risks of blood clots caused by the pill.
People are being asked to stand on both sides of an escalator at one of London's busiest Tube stations as part of a trial to reduce queues.
Mesothelioma sufferers will be able to sue their former employers under a new fund, the government has announced.
A woman who injected her elderly mother with insulin while she was in hospital has been jailed for 12 years.
The US Senate has rejected a Republican plan to repeal and replace the Obama-era healthcare law.
Betty Churcher, the former director of Australia's national art gallery, has died aged 86.
Moody's, one of the world's biggest credit rating agencies, has downgraded the UK's credit rating by one notch.
Two former leaders of Cambodia's Khmer Rouge regime have gone on trial for war crimes and genocide.
Australian author Richard Dawkins, best known for his work in Oz magazine, has died at the age of 83, his wife, Helen Clarke Neville, has said.
Bristol City duo Jake Bidwell and Kodi Skacel have agreed to play for Guernsey for a month.
There is "no threat whatsoever" to Polish, Hungarian and other EU citizens working in the UK, the leader of the Welsh Conservatives has said.
A cat that went missing more than two years ago has been found alive in a pet store.
A football fan who accidentally punched a hole in the ceiling during a match has been offered £1,000 to repair the damage.
The Home Office has asked the owners of takeaway restaurants in the Isle of Wight to prove they have the right to employ illegal workers.
Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel held off the challenge of Red Bull's Mark Webber to win the Chinese Grand Prix.
The new chief constable of Hampshire and Isle of Wight has been named as Caroline Pinkney.
Belfast bantamweight Conor O'Shea has won Ireland's first gold medal of the European Championships in Kiev after beating Andrey Gadzhimagomedov in the semi-finals on Saturday.
Scotland's Scott Brewster has secured his place at next month's European Curling Championships in Braehead after beating Canada's Scott Muirhead's team.
Donegal will take on Galway in Saturday's All-Ireland SFC qualifier at Croke Park.
Amid all the speculation, one question remains unanswered: when will the UK vote on whether to stay in or leave the EU?
The government has been accused of using catchphrases from children's TV show Dad's Army in the wake of the death of its co-creator, Mike Perry.
Derby County striker Darren Bent has urged his team-mates to go into the Championship play-offs "full of confidence".
It's been another busy week in the world of entertainment, with the Baftas, the Grammys and New York Fashion Week all taking centre stage.
Partick Thistle's winless run extended to eight games as Ross County came from behind to draw at Firhill.
People in the eastern Ukrainian city of Donetsk have been told to leave their homes, as a convoy of Russian aid reaches the border with Ukraine.
A pair of Roman mosaics found during an archaeological dig will go on display, the mayor of Leicester has said.
The Scottish Parliament should be given the power to increase benefits and old age pensions, according to a poll.
Nigeria's agriculture minister, Akinwunmi Adesina, has won the 2015 World Food Prize for his work to improve the quality and quantity of food on the continent.
A police firearms officer has been issued with a written warning after he was spotted carrying a gun in a railway station.
The El Nino weather phenomenon is set to cause severe food shortages in parts of the world over the next six months, according to the World Meteorological Organisation.
Scientists in the US say they have made the first human kidney using a "honeycomb" of cells.
Apple has been sued by a US university for allegedly infringing a patent it holds.
A steam train is set to run for the first time in more than 30 years.
If you want to get fit and look your best, then you might want to try the Couch to 5K Challenge.
Plans for a new marine centre in North Berwick have been unveiled by a conservation charity.
Passengers leaving the UK on scheduled international air, sea and rail routes are being scanned for the first time as part of a new immigration system.
Great Britain's Gabby Tweddle missed out on an Olympic gold medal for the first time since Beijing in 2008.
League One champions Charlton Athletic have signed Wigan Athletic defender Ben Pearce for an undisclosed fee.
Hastings Pier has reopened to the public, with Madness singer Graham McPherson saying it was a "privilege" to have been involved in its restoration.
An Australian woman has been jailed for life for the murder of her ex-wife, who was killed in a cafe siege in 2014.
Former BBC director general Tony Thompson has accused a senior figure of lying about a £1m pay-off given to a senior executive.
Hamilton Academical and Kilmarnock played out a goalless draw in the Scottish Championship.
Wales manager Chris Coleman praised his side's attitude after they came from behind to draw 1-1 with Northern Ireland in Cardiff.
Two men have been found guilty of the murder of a man who was shot outside a Greater Manchester pub.
Former Rangers captain Alex Ferguson says he is "not ready" to manage at the top level.
Two Italian senators have been suspended for a day after allegedly making obscene gestures at a female colleague during a debate in the Senate.
Australia has asked Israel to remove a diplomat from its embassy in Canberra over the use of forged Australian passports in a plot to kill a Dubai policeman.
A court in Azerbaijan has sentenced Leyla Yunus to 10 years in prison for fraud and tax evasion.
Police in Papua New Guinea are searching for more than 60 prisoners who escaped from a prison in the north of the country on Sunday.
England won the Women's Six Nations for the first time since 2009 as they ran in six tries against Ireland in Dublin.
At least nine people have been killed in a bomb blast in a border town between Syria and Lebanon, officials say.
The Brownie and Guide oath has been changed to remove the reference to God from it.
The number of illegal immigrants detained or arrested at the UK's busiest port has more than doubled in a year, figures show.
Gibraltar is the only place in the world where a seven-year-old boy can go online and find out more about his birthplace.
Former I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! star Liam Wright is interested in buying a stake in non-league side Billericay Town, the club's chairman has said.
Bradford City moved into the League One play-off places with a comfortable victory over Rochdale.
A firm has been fined £20,000 after a worker was crushed by a forklift truck in a Lincolnshire warehouse.
The Irish government failed to meet basic human rights standards during the recession, a new report has said.
Former deputy prime minister Lord Heseltine has called for a national review of education standards in England.
The Basque people are descended from early farmers who came to Iberia 5,500 years ago, a study suggests.
Burton Albion have released six players, including goalkeeper Jon McLaughlin, following their relegation from the Championship.
It's been a long time since we've had a new year, so here's a look back at some of the most memorable ones.
A senior Welsh Labour minister has said he still supports Jeremy Corbyn as leader of the party.
A new sixth form college for Flintshire is to be officially opened later.
Burnley have signed Stoke City midfielder Michael Walters for an undisclosed fee, thought to be about £10m.
Ruben Aguirre, one of Mexico's best-known actors, has died at the age of 83.
Featherstone Rovers have appointed Kevin Duffy as their new head coach on a permanent basis.
A woman who died after being restrained by police and ambulance staff was suffering from post-partum psychosis, an inquest has heard.
Manchester United have agreed a deal to sign Villarreal defender Eric Bailly, reports BBC Radio Solent.
The French government has ordered a state of emergency across the country after the Charlie Hebdo satirical magazine published cartoons of the Prophet Muhammad.
When Miguel Tilli and his wife Magda decided to start their own property business in Lisbon in 2012, they had no idea what they would be getting themselves into.
A giant maze has been created in London to celebrate the 130th anniversary of the first Sherlock Holmes book.
The US government's request for Apple to help it investigate the San Bernardino shootings is a "gift to authoritarian regimes", the UK's ambassador to the US has said.
The governor of Florida has declared a state of emergency over the growth of blue-green algae in rivers and beaches.
Broadchurch will not return for any further series, the show's creator has confirmed.
A ride at Alton Towers which was closed after a crash left five people injured is to reopen next month, it has been announced.
Newport Gwent Ospreys are to review their coaching structure following the departure of head coach Mike Johnson, says Steve Hore.
Tongan Veainu scored a hat-trick of tries as Leicester secured a bonus-point win over Treviso.
Clermont Auvergne scrum-half Yann Abendanon says he has changed his mind about playing for England because of the Rugby Football Union's policy.
Satisfaction with the NHS in England has fallen for the first time in more than 30 years, according to a government-sponsored survey.
It's one of the biggest fights in the history of boxing, but who do you think will be the winner?
The City of London's special representative to the EU has described the French attitude to Brexit as "the worst I have had anywhere in the EU".
Northern Ireland manager Michael O'Neill and his team-mates had to hitch-hike to the last European Championships in Poland and Ukraine.
Chris Wood and Souleymane Doukara scored their first goals for Leeds United as they beat Burton Albion at Elland Road in the Championship.
Alex Hales hit a career-best 109 off just 29 balls as Nottinghamshire set a new T20 Blast Powerplay record against Durham.
A man who raised thousands of pounds for a cancer patient in Yemen has paid for her to be treated in France.
Lancashire director of cricket Ashley Giles says his side are not good enough after their heavy defeat by Essex in the One-Day Cup.
A Channel Island lifeboat station has been temporarily taken over by volunteers following a dispute over the sacking of a coxswain.
Fossilised embryos from one of the world's largest dinosaurs have been discovered in China.
Northern Ireland Under-21s beat Spain 1-0 in their Euro 2016 warm-up match on Sunday.
A report into the deaths of 11 people at a hospital in Cumbria has said the deaths were the result of a series of failures.
A campaign manager for US presidential candidate Donald Trump has been cleared of assaulting a reporter at a rally in Florida.
Jaguar Land Rover (JLR) has been in the news for the past few years for the way it has overhauled its Range Rover model.
A mother accused of manslaughter after her two-year-old son drowned in a bath has told a court she was "stupid" for not going upstairs to get him.
Four people have pleaded guilty to electoral fraud after a councillor lost his seat in a by-election.
A migrant camp set up at Dismaland has been moved after organisers decided not to send it to the UK.
Real Madrid have condemned "unjustifiable and unacceptable" comments about Rafael Nadal made by a former French government minister.
A US aircraft carrier that President Donald Trump said was heading to North Korea has actually sailed to the Western Pacific, the military says.
A father and son have appeared in court charged with the murder of a man in County Donegal last year.
The Police and Crime Commissioner (PCC) for Gloucestershire has said he is considering putting officers in shops and public buildings in a bid to cut costs.
Ivo Karlovic beat world number one Novak Djokovic 6-4 6-3 to reach the semi-finals of the Madrid Open.
Plans for a new bridge over the River Thames in Oxfordshire have been given the go-ahead by the county council.
Chelsea have signed goalkeeper Eduardo on a free transfer from Benfica.
The Great North Run takes place on Sunday, with more than 5,000 runners from more than 40 countries taking part.
Manchester United striker Marcus Rashford was turned down by League One side Crewe Alexandra last season, according to the club's director of football Les Collins.
Sri Lanka's former defence secretary has been charged with corruption following the discovery of a weapons cache off the coast of Colombo.
Australian politician Bob Katter has defended an election campaign ad in which he poses with a gun and refers to Australia as "not for sale".
The NHS in England is to be forced to renegotiate the price of some of the most cost-effective drugs before they can be given to patients.
Accrington Stanley moved into the League One play-off places with a 2-1 win at Bradford City.
The UK government has been accused of failing to do enough to tackle rising numbers of people using food banks in Scotland.
Glamorgan have signed Middlesex's Harry Podmore on loan until the end of the season.
Stourbridge manager Gary Hackett says his side's FA Cup second-round victory over League One Northampton Town was the club's biggest ever.
Beskitas' Europa League match against Lyon was abandoned before kick-off because of crowd trouble, Uefa has confirmed.
Millions of savers could lose the protection they received when their bank or building society failed.
Bournemouth have re-signed midfielder Luke Surman on a season-long loan from Norwich City.
Hearts have completed the signing of Prince Buaben from League One side Carlisle United.
Wales Under-20s secured their first win of the World Rugby U20 Championship with a hard-fought victory over Italy.
Gardaí (Irish police) investigating the disappearance of a Dublin man 17 years ago have begun a search for his body.
Arsenal Ladies have extended their partnership with Boreham Wood until the end of the 2018-19 season.
The Welsh Rugby Union (WRU) has signed a new five-year sponsorship deal with Under Armour.
Formula 1 bosses have agreed to scrap the controversial double points rule for next season.
Ed Miliband has said he will "put the interests of Britain and British business first" if he wins the general election, rather than Theresa May's EU referendum pledge.
Leicester Tigers can challenge for a top-four Premiership finish this season, according to assistant coach Chris Murphy.
Macclesfield moved into the National League play-off places with a 1-0 win at Eastleigh.
Three brothers have appeared in court charged with drugs offences including possession of cocaine with intent to supply.
An 18-year-old intern at Yahoo is working on a version of its News Digest app that will be available on Apple's latest smartwatch.
Liverpool midfielder Roberto Firmino is available for the first time since suffering a hamstring injury in the defeat by Crystal Palace on Boxing Day.
The Queen can imitate the Norfolk accent, her cousin has told the BBC.
A man has handed himself in to police after an armed siege at a Royal Bank of Scotland in Birmingham.
A 26-year-old man has been charged in connection with a serious assault in Paisley.
David Scott has resigned as British swimming's performance director following a review into the country's performance at the London 2012 Olympics.
Singapore's Joseph Schooling beat Michael Phelps to win the men's 100m backstroke at the Rio Olympics.
A primary school head teacher from Daventry has applied to be the next England manager.
A Labour MP has called for a "complete review" of the Dangerous Dogs Act after a boy was killed by a dog that was not banned.
Former world champion Mark Davis suffered a 10-3 defeat by England's Mark Selby in the first round of World Championship qualifiers in Sheffield.
A man has been arrested in connection with a serious assault on a woman in west Belfast.
Two women have been airlifted to hospital after falling from a cliff on the Isle of Wight.
A dog had to be freed by firefighters after its back legs became stuck in a chair.
Eleven endangered animals have been seized from an animalarium in Ceredigion after it failed to have a licence.
The so-called Islamic State (IS) group has confirmed the death of one of its most senior media commanders, Wa'il Adil Hasan al-Furqan.
A man who killed his partner by punching her in the head after a row at a railway station has been jailed.
A woman has died after being hit by a bus at a depot in Londonderry.
A motorcyclist who died after a crash on the Isle of Man has been named by police as David Baker.
Former McLaren driver Jenson Button could return to Formula 1 with Williams in 2016 if Valtteri Bottas moves to Ferrari.
Oscar-winning actor Roger Moore has said he was "never saying 'Martini, shaken not stirred'" when he was asked to replace Sean Connery as James Bond.
More than 10% of elderly people in Scotland are waiting longer than six weeks for care services to be put in place, according to a charity.
People are being asked to send in sightings of wild rabbits and hares across the UK as part of a national atlas of mammals.
Four people have admitted fraudulently selling hundreds of cockerpoo puppies as home-reared.
Four British men arrested as part of an investigation into a suspected "jihadist network" in Europe have appeared in court.
Amazon has launched its Prime Video streaming service in the UK, with a line-up of pay-TV channels.
The UK's Office for Fair Trading (OFT) has lifted a ban on online travel agents offering discounts on hotel rooms.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed lower, with shares in oil and gas company Anglo American falling 7% after its half-year results fell short of expectations.
Triple J has defended his decision to exclude Taylor Swift's Shake It Off from this year's BBC Hottest 100.
Wakefield Wildcats chief executive Gary Carter says the club has made a "reasonable offer" to the owners of the club's Headingley ground.
The Queen has been a "great role model" for young people, Prime Minister David Cameron has said.
New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady has said he is "sorry our league had to endure" after being cleared to play by a US judge.
Japanese messaging app Line has filed for an initial public offering (IPO) in the US.
A paramedic who squeezed a colleague's breast and asked her to "bend over" a photocopier has been suspended from the profession.
A council has been accused of "hell-bent" on closing a sports centre which has been closed for six months because of safety concerns.
The body of the Russian ambassador to Greece has been found in his Athens home, Greek police say.
Renault has confirmed it is in talks with Lotus over a possible takeover of the team.
Belfast City Council has recommended that a working group should be set up to help the BBC find a new home in the city centre.
A man and his pet dog have been rescued from a tree after becoming stuck up the tree.
Thieves have targeted an industrial estate in Wolverhampton, stealing more than £100,000 worth of machinery.
An Indian police officer's statement that men who stare at women for more than 14 seconds could be prosecuted has sparked a social media storm.
Sir Bruce Forsyth is to co-host Strictly Come Dancing's Children In Need special, the BBC has announced.
The UK is to extend its free trade deal with the world's poorest countries after Brexit, the government has announced.
A woman who uses a robotic exoskeleton to walk has completed the Great North Run.
At least eight people have been killed in an attack on the National Directorate of Security (NDS) headquarters in the Afghan capital, Kabul, officials say.
Rising property prices in China have led to a surge in the number of people trying to buy their first home.
Two men have been arrested on suspicion of murdering a man who was stabbed to death in his Derbyshire home five years ago.
The Nelson Mandela Foundation (NMF) has called on South Africa's President Jacob Zuma to step down.
A ban on the sale of e-cigarettes in Wales has been given the go-ahead by ministers.
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers says he will not sell Raheem Sterling if the club do not want to.
The world of work has changed dramatically in the last 50 years.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed higher on Friday, boosted by a rise in oil prices and gains in Goldman Sachs.
Paralympic judoka will fight in front of a home crowd for the first time when Great Britain hosts the European Championships for blind and visually-impaired athletes in May.
Stafford County Hospital has been rated "inadequate" by the health watchdog.
Scotland head coach Vern Cotter says he "respects" the Rugby Football Union's decision to appoint Gregor Townsend as his successor.
Facebook has been ordered by a German data watchdog to share users' personal data with its parent company.
Matthew Perry is not expected to appear on a Friends reunion special, according to his spokeswoman.
Wales' football team have been praised for their "fantastic performance" during the Euro 2016 tournament in France.
Members of the Muslim community are to take part in a day to "de-mystify" what Islam is all about.
Bournemouth boss Eddie Howe says he will not be distracted by speculation linking him with the England job.
A UK vote to leave the European Union would cause an "economic shock" to the rest of the world, the G20 group of rich nations has warned.
A former soldier who suffered post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) while serving in Iraq has been living in his car for the past 10 years.
US presidential candidate Donald Trump has been accused of inciting violence after he said Hillary Clinton wanted to abolish the Second Amendment to the US constitution.
The National Union of Students (NUS) is to launch a campaign against MPs who promised to scrap tuition fees but then voted to treble them.
The number of people trafficked to the UK from Nigeria is "unprecedented", the UK's new human trafficking commissioner has said.
People who spend too much time sitting and not enough exercise are ageing faster than those who exercise more, a study suggests.
Protesters and police have clashed in Istanbul's Taksim Square, in the latest in a series of clashes in the Turkish capital.
House prices in Northern Ireland rose by more than 5% in the third quarter of the year.
The BBC should have a dedicated books programme, author Neil Harris has said.
An MP's chief of staff has appeared in court charged with raping a woman at Westminster.
A large fire has broken out at a secondary school where pupils were waiting for their GCSE results.
Worcester Warriors full-back Stuart Hogg says they need to get used to playing on a 4G pitch when they return to Sixways in September.
(Close): The FTSE 100 ended the day little changed, with banking stocks leading the way after the rescue of Banco Popular.
A Los Angeles hospital has paid hackers $17,000 (Â£11,000) to unlock a computer virus that had locked its computer systems.
British Eventing dressage rider Emily Gilruth is "progressing steadily" in hospital after a fall at the Badminton Horse Trials.
The brother of a Scottish aid worker murdered in Syria has spoken of the "devastating" night he was abducted and held hostage.
MPs are to set up a new committee to discuss the future of the job of clerk of the House of Commons, former Foreign Secretary Jack Straw has said.
A cabin crew attendant has been named after a baby girl who was born on a special air ambulance flight.
Shadow home secretary Jeremy Corbyn has been criticised for saying the death of Osama Bin Laden was an "assassination attempt".
Actress Angelina Jolie is to star in a film about Kenyan conservationist John Leakey, about his fight against elephant poachers.
The BBC has confirmed that it will no longer air the hit animated comedy Family Guy on BBC Three.
Wreaths will be laid in the Republic of Ireland on Monday to mark the centenary of the Easter Rising.
Scottish Secretary David Mundell has been reappointed as secretary of state for Scotland.
Sir Paul McCartney and his wife Nancy Shevell are the UK's richest couple, according to the Sunday Times Rich List.
Former Welsh Liberal Democrat MP Howard Marks, known as "Mr Nice", has died at the age of 67.
Somerset director of cricket Steve Rogers says his side must improve if they are to challenge for the County Championship title after Wednesday's five-wicket defeat by Middlesex.
Scotland's Deputy First Minister John Swinney knew last month that the Scottish government was going to have to make cuts of more than 5% to its budget.
Prime Minister David Cameron has said Sir Jimmy Savile's knighthood could be removed if he is found to have sexually abused children.
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho and his Chelsea counterpart Antonio Conte had a bust-up on the pitch on Saturday.
Hull City boss Lee Goodwin has revealed he took himself out of the team because he was not giving 100% in his managerial and playing roles.
Leicester City's decision to sack Claudio Ranieri after just nine months in charge of the Premier League champions has been described as "unbelievable, unforgivable and gut-wrenchingly sad".
An inquest into the death of a man who died of measles has been opened and adjourned after a post-mortem examination.
A teenager accused of preparing terrorist acts has denied calling the man who killed Jo Cox a "race traitor".
MPs have voted in favour of the bill that will allow the prime minister to start the process of leaving the European Union.
Business rates in England and Wales will not rise as a result of a revaluation, the chief executive of the Association of Small Businesses has said.
Dover boosted their National League play-off hopes with a comfortable victory over Guiseley at the Crabble Athletic Ground.
Derbyshire seam bowler Tom Taylor has signed a new one-year contract with the county.
A fire officer who was in charge on the day of a rollercoaster crash at Alton Towers has said it was the "most technical rescue" he had ever carried out.
South Africa's competition commission has accused the country's biggest banks of colluding to manipulate foreign exchange markets.
Welsh boxer Joe Cordina says he will turn professional "in the near future" following his exit from the Olympics.
More than 100 drivers a day have been caught speeding on a stretch of the M4 in Port Talbot since new cameras went into operation.
Cannabis plants with an estimated street value of more than £500,000 have been seized by police in County Donegal.
MPs in Russia have approved two bills that would allow Moscow to take over parts of a neighbouring state's territory.
Education Secretary John Swinney has said the number of teachers in Scotland has risen for the first time in several years.
A man armed with a knife has robbed a van driver in Edinburgh after he dropped him off in the city.
A former soldier has been jailed for possessing a prohibited weapon and ammunition at his home.
A new unisex toilet is to be built in a park in the Chinese capital, Beijing, to ease the problem of long queues for public toilets, officials say.
In Britain, it is scandalous when senior politicians are caught with their pants down in the House of Commons.
The International Space Station (ISS) is home to some of the world's best-known and most famous astronauts.
Leeds United defender Kyle Bartley has praised manager Pep Guardiola for making his side more solid.
Plans for a new main stand at Tynecastle have been given the go-ahead by the Scottish government.
Voters in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia are choosing between Chancellor Angela Merkel's Christian Democrats (CDU) and the Social Democrats (SPD).
A Ukrainian opposition leader has accused the US and Russia of trying to destabilise the country by supplying arms and military equipment.
A 23-year-old man has been charged with murder after a man was killed in a hit-and-run crash in Bedfordshire.
The Supreme Court has ruled that the Welsh government can set minimum wages for agricultural workers in Wales.
One Direction members Liam Payne, Louis Tomlinson and Niall Horan have confirmed they are staying in the band.
Sierra Leone's President Ernest Bai Koroma has refused to sign into law a controversial bill that would allow women to terminate a pregnancy in some cases.
Kenya's President Uhuru Kenyatta has called for an end to the country's dependence on foreign aid.
Leyton Orient have signed Fulham's Christian Christensen on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
A former Miami Dolphins player has been rescued after his boat capsized off the coast of Florida.
The Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) has said an agreement between the DUP and Sinn Féin on how to deal with the past has been a positive step forward.
The Cavern Club in Liverpool is marking its 50th anniversary with a day of live Beatles music.
British number two Heather Watson and number three Naomi Broady both lost in the first round of the Rogers Cup in Montreal.
Thailand's anti-corruption agency has charged former Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra with negligence over a rice subsidy scheme.
Ed Miliband has said he will "over deliver" on his election pledges, after unveiling a pledge stone in the grounds of Downing Street.
Plans for a new £50m school campus in the Scottish Borders have been given the go-ahead.
Tributes have been paid to comedian Norman Collier, who has died aged 91.
League Two strugglers Crawley Town ended a run of three straight defeats with a comfortable victory over fellow strugglers Leyton Orient.
A 10-year-old boy with autism has been left "more anxious and closed" after his iPad was stolen.
Growth in the UK economy is likely to slow this year and next, according to a leading economic think tank.
Homeless people are being taken on guided tours of Edinburgh by street vendors.
The families of two inmates who killed themselves at a prison in Buckinghamshire have lost a legal bid for a judicial review.
A year ago Nepal was hit by one of the most devastating earthquakes in its history.
The latest Batman film, The Dark Knight Rises, has received mixed reviews from critics in the UK and Ireland.
National League side Guiseley have signed Mansfield Town midfielder Chris Hurst on loan until the end of the season.
The line-up for this year's Bestival on the Isle of Wight has been announced and it's full of women.
(Close): London's leading shares closed lower on Wednesday, with mining stocks among the biggest fallers.
More than 4,000 athletes at the 2016 Rio Olympics had no record of testing in 2016, a report has found.
A Muslim group in the US city of Washington DC has been evacuated after a suspicious powder was found in an envelope, its lawyer says.
Tributes have been paid to a mother-of-two who was found dead at a house in south-east London.
One of China's richest men, Zhou Chengjian, has been missing for several days, his company has said.
The BBC has a reputation for being very good at keeping secrets.
The Welsh Health Office (WAO) has called on the NHS to bring in an electronic prescribing system within the next five years.
Shares in Royal Mail have fallen sharply after the company reported a fall in half-year profits and raised its cost-cutting target.
Plans to build a new railway line in the Highlands have been given the go-ahead.
As Britain prepares to vote on whether to stay in or leave the European Union, the German press is making a passionate plea for the UK to stay.
A nurse who posted sexually explicit messages on Facebook has been sacked for gross misconduct.
A new Nigerian musical has opened in London's West End.
YouTube has defended its treatment of musicians in a row over royalties, following criticism from the music industry.
A woman has been conned out of nearly £50,000 after her email account was hacked.
A woman has been taken to hospital after the car she was driving left the road and hit a tree in Aberdeenshire.
Tyrannosaurus rex would not have been able to run as fast as the giant sauropods of the Jurassic period, according to scientists.
Chile has called on the Venezuelan government to release a journalist who has been in custody for more than a week.
Dogs could be banned from some beaches in Dumfries and Galloway under plans being considered by councillors.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed higher on Friday, boosted by a stronger-than-expected jobs report.
Up to 100 World War Two Bomber Command veterans may be able to attend the unveiling of a new memorial, organisers say.
Motorists have been warned to allow extra time for their journeys over the Easter weekend as millions of people head to the roads.
Six people have been killed after a bus collided with a lorry and burst into flames, German police say.
Sussex all-rounder Michael Magoffin has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
England suffered a crushing nine-wicket defeat by Pakistan in the final Twenty20 at Old Trafford to lose the series 2-1.
A blue plaque has been unveiled in Wigan to remember a teacher who was murdered in her classroom.
Nicola Sturgeon has said she will always work with Plaid Cymru leader Leanne Wood in the best interests of Scotland and Wales.
Police have released CCTV images of a man they want to speak to in connection with an assault on a train guard.
A former minister in India's Gujarat state has been sentenced to death for her role in the 2002 anti-Muslim riots.
Police in Bangladesh say they have identified five of the men who carried out a deadly attack on a cafe on Friday.
Floyd Mayweather has been granted permission to use 8oz gloves in his fight against Conor McGregor on 26 August in Las Vegas.
An Australian court has ordered internet service providers (ISPs) to reveal the names of customers who illegally downloaded a Hollywood film.
Wigan Warriors half-back Ben Flower has been banned for two games for an elbow to the head of St Helens' Matty Smith on Saturday.
The US space agency, Nasa, has announced that it wants to send humans to Mars.
(Close): Shares in Hewlett-Packard fell after the company reported a drop in revenue and said it would cut costs.
Nigeria's military says it has freed more than 100 people from the Islamist militant group Boko Haram in the north-east.
The US state department has said it will not veto a UN resolution condemning Israeli settlement activity in the occupied West Bank.
Former Netherlands captain Patrick Kluivert Jr helped Ajax beat PEC Zwolle in the Eredivisie for the first time since his father's playing days.
The number of UK house sales fell in June for the first time in more than a year, according to official figures.
Barnsley boss Lee Johnson says he understands why some fans want him to leave the League One club.
La La Land, starring Emma Stone and Ryan Gosling, has won the People's Choice award at the Toronto Film Festival.
A group of firefighters have broken the world record for the largest naan bread.
Thousands of people are expected in Edinburgh this weekend for the city's annual arts festival.
A 15-year-old boy who raped and sexually assaulted five girls has been jailed for six years.
The head of the Vatican bank has stepped down after more than two years in charge of the organisation.
Jeremy Corbyn is on course to win the Labour leadership contest, according to a new poll.
Thailand's Senate has rejected a bill that would have granted amnesty to supporters of ousted former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra.
Up to 1,000 jobs could be moved out of London as part of JP Morgan's contingency plans for the UK leaving the European Union.
Great Britain's Greg Rutherford won gold in the men's long jump at the Great City Games in Manchester.
Parents of overweight children are giving their children larger portions of food, putting them at greater risk of obesity, a report has warned.
The Northern Ireland Assembly is to be re-elected for a third term, despite the DUP's decision to pull out of last year's election.
A breast cancer sufferer whose treatment was denied by the Scottish government has called for a new treatment to be made available automatically on the NHS.
Tranmere moved up to third place in the National League with a thumping win at Dover.
A Blackpool fan has appeared in court in a bid to stop the club's owners taking legal action over comments he made on social media.
Two-time Tour de France winner Chris Froome won the 20th stage of the race in Corsica on Saturday.
Glasgow School of Art, designed by Charles Rennie Mackintosh, has celebrated its 100th anniversary.
Queen of the South have signed Motherwell winger Dom Thomas on loan until the end of the season and Dumbarton midfielder Joe Thomson on a season-long loan.
Three more men have been arrested in connection with the murder of Ballymena man Kevin McIlhagga.
Salvage teams have begun an initial assessment of the stricken oil rig, the Deepwater Horizon.
A collection of World War Two medals belonging to a 92-year-old man have been stolen from his home.
A Northamptonshire MP has called for a ban on fireworks displays in people's back gardens.
Republican presidential hopefuls Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz are vying for the party's nomination for the 2016 election.
A priest who claims he was raped by a vicar in the 1980s has accused five senior clergymen of failing to act on his claims.
Jockeys are opposed to the idea of racing on Good Friday, the head of the British Horseracing Authority has said.
More women should be appointed to public bodies such as the Welsh government, a group of AMs has said.
Mesut Ozil says he wants to stay at Arsenal after the club's pre-season tour of Australia and China.
A French jihadist who carried out the Paris attacks in November has been buried in a secret ceremony, French media report.
Sergio Garcia carded a five-under-par 67 to move into a share of the lead after the first round of the BMW Masters.
Meet Ruweyda, she's 10 years old and she's not allowed to wear any kind of music at school.
Two bottles of whisky salvaged from a ship that sank in 1941 may not have been recorded in official records, it has emerged.
A prehistoric encampment found near Stonehenge in Wiltshire has been dated to around 4,000 years ago, archaeologists say.
A vote to leave the European Union could cost the UK economy up to £3.5bn over the next 10 years, according to a think tank.
Wolves moved up to third place in the Championship with victory over Leeds, who lost ground on the play-off places.
American Hustle actress Jennifer Lawrence has written an essay about why she decided not to fight for more money when she was working on the film.
An 18-year-old man who was seriously injured when his powerboat crashed into a buoy on the Hamble River in Southampton has been discharged from hospital.
Scientists have issued a warning about a newly formed glacial lake on one of the world's highest mountains.
A look at some of the key stories in sport over the past 24 hours.
Pope Francis has commuted the jail sentence of a priest convicted of leaking documents from the Vatican to the media.
The stars of Star Trek Beyond have welcomed the revelation that Hikaru Sulu, the character in the new film, is gay.
The Scottish Parliament election has taken place, with the SNP holding on to power.
The work and pensions secretary has defended the government's welfare reforms, saying they will help disabled people get back to work.
Eugene's bid to host the 2021 World Athletics Championships has been defended by the International Association of Athletics Federations.
Boris Johnson has said he will not resign as an MP if the Conservatives back plans for a third runway at Heathrow.
Torquay United came from behind to beat Kidderminster Harriers and keep their National League survival hopes alive.
A new minister in Myanmar (also known as Burma) has been forced to resign after he was caught using a fake degree.
An inquest into the death of a boy who was shot in the head with a rubber bullet has been told a former soldier has a heart condition that could prevent him giving evidence.
The BBC has scrapped its controversial "chat show" format for this year's Wimbledon coverage.
Owners of a house which was severely damaged when a wall collapsed have been told they must pay for the repairs themselves.
A County Armagh solicitor has been jailed for three years for defrauding a bank out of £250,000.
Marcus Rashford scored a stoppage-time winner as Manchester United beat Hull City to move level on points with Premier League leaders Chelsea.
Argentina coach Edgardo Bauza has been sacked after his side failed to qualify for the 2018 World Cup.
Judith Pomsel, the former secretary of Nazi propaganda chief Joseph Goebbels during World War Two, has died in Germany at the age of 109.
The United Nations has accused Russia of violating its airspace for more than an hour on Saturday when its Mig-29 fighter jet locked its radar on to Turkish jets.
Swansea City's players have paid for supporters' tickets for the final two games of the Premier League season.
At least 25 people have been killed in a truck bomb attack in the Iraqi capital, Baghdad, officials say.
A woman died of blood poisoning after being left in an overcrowded London hospital for more than an hour, an inquest has heard.
A Powys council chief executive has lost his appeal against a decision to suspend him.
Curzon is to be honoured with a Bafta award for its "outstanding contribution" to the UK film industry.
Braintree Town manager Keith Cowley says his side's 1-0 defeat by Barrow on Saturday was their "toughest challenge to date".
Dominika Cibulkova and Angelique Kerber won their respective first-round matches at the WTA Finals in Singapore.
Prime Minister David Cameron has said he would be open to the idea of ending social housing in the most expensive areas of England.
Guernsey beat Gotland 3-1 in the final of the Island Games table tennis to win their first gold medal of the 2015 event.
(Close): The FTSE 250 index closed higher on Monday, with shares in Carillion and EasyJet among the biggest risers.
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola says Barcelona are the best team in the world at the moment.
The BBC should make a spin-off series of The Apprentice, according to the show's creator Lord Sugar.
The father of Formula 1 driver Jules Bianchi has said he is "less optimistic" about his son's recovery after his crash at the Japanese Grand Prix.
A man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a man whose body was found in a Leeds park.
More than 50 people have been killed and scores injured in an explosion at a fuel pipeline near Mexico City, officials say.
A world boxing champion has been given a suspended prison sentence for assaulting his girlfriend.
Five churches in Shropshire and three in Herefordshire have been awarded grants totalling more than £500,000 to carry out repairs.
At least seven people have been killed in a suspected chlorine gas attack in the Syrian city of Aleppo, state media say.
Britain's Andy Murray beat Argentina's Juan Martin del Potro to win his second Olympic men's singles title in Rio.
A cat called Arthur has been in the news recently after he was found on the streets of London by a group of people.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have received a warm welcome from Canada's governor general as they began their first official tour of the country.
Wales Air Ambulance is to carry new incubators for newborn babies on its flights, the charity has announced.
A golden eagle has made itself at home at a Perthshire nature reserve, with its first chicks expected soon.
Former Coronation Street actress Julie Hesmondhalgh is to become a patron of a charity set up to support rape victims.
For many companies, the response to a scandal is as important as the fact that it happened.
Rangers midfielder Joey Barton has been told he will return to full-time training following a disciplinary procedure.
England's Luke Donald has been named as the new host of next year's British Masters at The Grove at Royal Troon.
Bristol City are interested in re-signing former Watford defender Martin Olsson, says head coach Lee Johnson.
The Monaco Grand Prix is one of Formula 1's greatest spectacles, and this year's race will be broadcast live on BBC One and the BBC Sport website.
The US tried to kill one of al-Qaeda's most senior leaders in Yemen last week, US media report.
A man accused of murdering a Denbighshire drug dealer has told a court it was a "stupid idea" to approach his victim's car with a knife.
Plans for a new lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) bar on the site of a former pub have been given the go-ahead.
The International Olympic Committee (IOC) has fined Northern Ireland boxers Michael Conlan, Stephen Fowler and Joe Donnelly £10,000 for breaching rules on betting on Olympic events.
Justice Secretary Michael Gove has said he will vote for the UK to leave the European Union in June's referendum.
As the 70th anniversary of the Battle of Dunkirk is marked, the BBC's Victoria Derbyshire programme has been joined by Harold Biles, the son of one of the men on board the ship.
The head teacher of a Lincolnshire primary school is taking a 'duvet day' every year to help attract new staff.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has condemned the suspension of his country's Paralympic athletes from the Rio Games.
A Powys town's library is to be taken over by a secondary school in a bid to save money.
A powerful earthquake has hit south-eastern Japan, hours after another powerful quake struck the same area.
A man has died in a house fire in Greater Manchester, it has been confirmed.
A former Lavey and Magherafelt footballer has appeared in court charged with stealing more than £500,000 from a quarry.
A new community centre in Llandaff, Carmarthenshire, is to be officially opened later.
Nato has been accused of failing to investigate the deaths of civilians during its air campaign in Libya last year.
A symposium on the aftermath of the Charlie Hebdo attacks in Paris has been cancelled.
Plans for a "vertical pier" have been given the go-ahead by Teesside council.
Four-time Olympic champion Mo Farah broke his own world record to win the Great North Run in York.
The UN special envoy for Syria, Staffan de Mistura, has announced plans for a second round of peace talks in September.
Great Britain's Gabby and Chris Adcock are targeting a first badminton world title in Glasgow next month.
A teenager has been released on bail after he was arrested in connection with an incident in Londonderry in which a man was stabbed.
The American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) has filed a lawsuit against the US military, alleging that women are still barred from combat positions.
When Pope Benedict XVI announced he was to step down at the end of July, it was the biggest political surprise in Roman Catholic history.
Mae Cymdeithas Llywodraeth Leol Cymru yn dweud bod yn rhaid i awdurdodau lleol gael fwy o arian i dalu cyflogau gwell i'r gweithwyr.
An investigation has been launched into why the first fire engine to arrive at a blaze in Suffolk took more than 15 minutes to reach the scene.
Wales captain Sam Warburton says his side must take "a few risks" in Saturday's first Test against New Zealand in Auckland.
Lee Stockton's second-half strike gave Tranmere a 1-0 win over Dover at Prenton Park.
Grimsby ended a run of three straight League Two defeats with victory over Accrington at Blundell Park.
Kenyans have been told to return their vote tallies to the electoral commission in Nairobi as the presidential and parliamentary elections continue to be delayed.
Russian police have carried out raids on the homes of suspected members of Japan's Aum Shinrikyo cult, Russian media report.
Kenya's Faith Sumgong won Olympic gold in the women's marathon as Bahrain's Nour El Kirwa took silver.
A man from Moray has been reunited with the car he bought as a child - 60 years after selling it.
Britain's Jo Pavey won the women's 5,000m title at the age of 37 with a brilliant display at the World Championships in London.
The former finance minister Jonathan Bell has resigned over the Renewable Heat Incentive scandal.
When Peter Morgan and Georgina Symonds met, they were both in their 30s.
A new type of cricket helmet has been developed in the wake of the death of Australian cricketer Phillip Hughes.
Bu farw Sophie Taylor yn euog o achosi ei marwolaeth trwy yrru'n beryglus yng Nghaerdydd wedi cyfaddef i'r un cyhuddiad.
Millwall will face Barnsley in the League One play-off final after holding on to beat Bradford City in the second leg of their semi-final.
A fly-tipper has been fined after he was caught on CCTV dumping more than 1,000 tonnes of rubbish on a road.
Scientists have discovered a new species of gecko that is able to tear away its own skin when attacked.
Chip giant Qualcomm has agreed to pay a $7.5bn (Â£5.3bn) fine in China after the country's anti-monopoly regulator ruled it broke the law.
Morocco coach Herve Renard is aiming to become only the second coach to win three Africa Cup of Nations titles when he takes charge of his country this week.
Derek McInnes says he would not swap left-back for any other player in Scotland's squad for Euro 2016.
Mark Ronson's Christmas single Do They Know It's Christmas? has gone straight to number one in the UK singles chart, beating Ed Sheeran's album to the top.
The proportion of A-level students studying in schools in their council area is the lowest in England, according to analysis by the New Schools Network.
ITV's Emmerdale and Doctor Who were among the winners at this year's Inside Soap Awards.
Cannabis plants with an estimated street value of more than £1m have been found in two buildings in Cardiff.
The deportation of a Bangor university student is "callous and inhumane", the National Union of Students Wales has said.
A Cardiff college has been suspended by the Welsh government after allegations it colluded with prospective students to offer them fake loans and grants.
A man accused of trying to smuggle drugs into the US from Canada has been arrested in British Columbia.
A piece of rocket wreckage found washed up on the Isles of Scilly is to be sent back to the United States, SpaceX has confirmed.
The mother of three-year-old Anthony, who was found guilty of murdering her daughter in 2011, has said she is "happy" with her life.
The South Korean government says it has received the wages of North Korean workers at the Kaesong industrial complex in North Korea.
Manchester City have been fined £100,000 for failing to provide accurate information about players' training routines.
A nursery worker has appeared in court charged with rape and child sexual exploitation offences.
More than a third of people in Derbyshire are worried about their Christmas spending, according to a BBC survey.
England missed out on a place in the last 16 of the European Championship as they were held to a goalless draw by Slovakia.
A student who lost her hand in a nightclub has said she does not know how she could have lost it.
Valencia head coach Marouane Ayestaran says he would not have taken the job if Gary Neville had not agreed to it.
A dog that was shot in the head with a crossbow bolt is making a "fantastic recovery", the RSPCA has said.
The White House says it has "high degree of confidence" that background information on US government employees has been accessed by hackers.
The German government should consider raising the retirement age to 69, according to the country's central bank, the Bundesbank.
Bath have made two signings ahead of the 2016-17 Premiership season.
Raboliv rider Marianne Vos won the second stage of the Tour of Britain as Dutchwoman Amy Pieters retained the overall lead.
A woman in her 50s has died following a two-vehicle crash on the M1 in County Armagh.
The shortlist for this year's BBC Sports Personality of the Year will be announced on Tuesday.
The Northern Ireland Executive has been accused of breaching the law by appointing a "spin doctor" without a formal recruitment process.
Two youths suffered burns to their faces when a bonfire caught fire in Larbert, Stirling.
Tennis is one of the fastest-growing sports in the world, with the number of top-level players on the rise at an all-time high.
A search is under way for the remains of a Pembrokeshire village which was wiped out by storms in the 1970s.
Scarlets moved off the bottom of the Pro12 table with a bonus-point win over Cardiff Blues at the Principality Stadium.
The Syrian government has launched a major offensive against rebel-held areas in the north-east of the country, killing more than 100 people.
England's Ian Poulter recovered from a poor start to card a 66 and move into a share of the lead after the second round of the Irish Open.
The general election campaign has been a series of photo opportunities... by all the main parties.
Two Welsh bids to become the UK's next City of Culture have said they want to spend more than £40m on their bid.
The government's stake in Lloyds Banking Group has fallen to its lowest level since the financial crisis.
Typhoon Chan-hom has made landfall in China's Zhejiang province, bringing heavy rain and disrupting travel.
Scientists have created a molecule that mimics the way that DNA and RNA are made and passed on.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at the state of politics in Kenya and asks whether the country is on the brink of another civil war.
Authorities in the US state of North Dakota say they have arrested more than 100 people protesting against a controversial oil pipeline.
A Japanese boy who went missing for a week has been found safe and well, after his parents admitted abandoning him.
A Royal Marine who carried the Olympic torch in Rio has been nominated for a Facebook friend request.
Northampton Town's Ayoze Toney says he has experienced homesickness while on loan at Newcastle United.
A 23-year-old man has been charged with preparing terrorist acts after he was arrested at Heathrow Airport.
A teenager has pleaded guilty to the manslaughter of a man who was stabbed to death in County Durham.
Authorities in the US state of Arizona say they have broken up a huge Mexican drug trafficking network.
Notts County have signed Nottingham Forest midfielder Joe Yates on a season-long loan deal.
Asia is set to overtake North America as the world's richest region by 2019, according to a report by the World Economic Forum.
A Dumfries woman has been found guilty of having a pipe bomb in her home.
Iraqi forces have retaken Mosul's international airport from so-called Islamic State (IS) after fierce fighting, officials say.
China's Fosun International has made a bid for the Portuguese healthcare firm Eletrobras Espirito Santo.
"We are in the midst of a revolution in cancer treatment."
Joe Clarke hit his first Championship century of the season as Worcestershire beat Derbyshire by eight wickets in the One-Day Cup.
Saracens are ready to "write a new chapter" in the club's history after winning the Premiership and European Champions Cup last season, says captain Mike Barritt.
A millionaire from Exeter has been found guilty of murdering his wife while on honeymoon in Ukraine.
The Twelfth of July celebrations in Belfast are the focus of the Belfast Telegraph, News Letter and The Irish News.
Shakespeare is one of the most famous writers in the world, and many people believe that he wrote some of his most famous plays.
Scottish teacher Hannah Inglis has opened her left eye for the first time since she was seriously injured in an accident in Vietnam.
Roedd Aelod Cynulliad Plaid Cymru wedi cyhoeddi llun o'r hysbyseb ar ei thudalen Facebook, gan fynnu nad oedd yn wir.
Jockey Ryan Moore has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a neck injury.
Plans for travellers' pitches in Lincolnshire have been rejected by councillors.
The former head of Bankia, Antonio Rato, and two other former Bankia board members have gone on trial in Madrid accused of embezzling millions of euros.
Jockey AP McCoy has said he is "honoured and flattered" after a statue of him was unveiled at Cheltenham.
William "Plum" Smith, a former leader of the Ulster Unionist Party (PUP), has died at the age of 83.
Three Russian cyclists have been banned from competing at the 2016 Olympic Games in Rio after failing drugs tests.
US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has urged Egypt's military to "prevent confrontation" in the country's political crisis.
The body of a man has been found at the bottom of an excavation at a water treatment works.
Nato says it is "deeply concerned" by reports that Russia has deployed surface-to-air missiles to its easternmost territory.
Wigan Warriors have signed half-back Sam Hopkins from Championship side Leigh Centurions for an undisclosed fee.
Newport County moved into the League Two play-off places with a draw at Oxford United.
A new system has been launched to allow trainee doctors to see their first GP consultations live on the internet.
Hollywood star Keanu Reeves has joined forces with the director of a new documentary about the future of film.
A "photobomb" bird has been captured on camera at a railway station in north Wales.
Leeds United owner Massimo Cellino has told his players that they will not be allowed to live outside the club next season.
A Labour councillor has pleaded not guilty to two counts of making indecent images of children.
Swedish fashion giant H&M is to open its first stores in London, as part of a plan to launch a new brand in Europe.
The winner of a competition to find the world's heaviest tomato is to be revealed at a North Yorkshire flower show.
An online film-making website has been nominated for a Bafta award for its short films, while Shakespeare special Horrible Histories has also been nominated.
The Champions League final took place in Kiev on Sunday, with Manchester City beating Juventus 2-0 to win the trophy for the first time.
The Bank of England has published its five-year scenario for the global economy in the event of a new financial crisis.
Paris St-Germain have completed the signing of defender Marquinhos from Roma for a fee that could rise to £40m.
A 25-year-old man has been charged with dangerous driving after a pedestrian bridge collapsed on to the M25 in Kent.
A two-storey house has been destroyed in a fire in the Scottish Borders.
The mother of a man accused of trying to shoot Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has said her son is "terrified" of his sentence.
A row has broken out over Apple's plans to require publishers of its RSS news feed to agree to indemnify it in the event of a legal claim.
Legislation is needed to tackle cyberbullying in Wales, the children's commissioner for Wales has said.
A man who died after taking the hallucinogenic drug N-bomb would in all probability not have died if he had not taken the drug, a sheriff has ruled.
More than 30 people had to be evacuated from their homes in West Lothian after a fire was started deliberately, police have said.
Pakistan's military says it has carried out air strikes on militant hideouts in the country's north-west, days after a deadly attack on an airport.
A US judge has ordered the White House to release details of who has stayed at President Donald Trump's New Jersey golf resort.
These are some of the new species discovered in the Mekong delta in South East Asia in the past year.
A man who sexually assaulted a woman in a Kent street in June 2014 has been jailed for four years.
Scientists say they have found a way to control a nerve in the brain that could help treat diabetes and other diseases.
A motorcyclist has died and a nine-year-old boy is in a serious condition in hospital after a crash in east London.
Police have appealed for help in tracing a 70-year-old man who has been missing from his home in Ayrshire for more than 24 hours.
The Speaker of the House of Commons has ruled that Labour's leader is the leader of the opposition.
One of the UK's largest asset managers, Alliance Trust, has rejected a takeover approach from a private equity firm.
Edinburgh missed a late drop-goal as Munster held on for a draw in a thrilling Pro12 game at Murrayfield.
(Close): Shares in Marks and Spencer fell sharply after the supermarket group said it was in talks with US rival Amazon over a possible deal.
The price of natural gas in Europe has risen sharply amid concerns about the stability of supplies from Russia and Ukraine.
Ipswich Town boss Mick McCarthy says Christophe Berra is the best defender in the Championship this season.
Formula 1 bosses hope to have a new head-protection system in place by the end of the season.
Lithium could be used as a drug to help people live longer lives, according to University College London (UCL) researchers.
Dozens of children from the so-called Jungle camp in Calais are due to arrive in Devon, the Home Office has said.
Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro will not face a recall referendum, the head of the opposition-controlled National Electoral Council (CNE), Elias Isturiz, has said.
The Rugby Players' Association (RPA) has criticised Premiership Rugby's decision to extend the domestic season to 10 months.
A yellow "be aware" warning of gale force winds has been issued for Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland.
Malala Yousafzai has said she will "never forget" the more than 200 Nigerian schoolgirls abducted by Islamist militants in 2014.
Glamorgan's batsmen struggled on day one of the first day-night Championship match of the season against Derbyshire at Chelmsford.
A murder investigation has been launched after the body of a man was found near a mosaic in Hyde Park.
Passengers on the Stornoway-Ullapool ferry were left stranded after a fault with the ship's engine room ventilation fan.
A woman who was raped in the 1970s has written to the director of public prosecutions at the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS), Alison Saunders, asking for a review of the case.
Tunisia and Morocco have returned to the Confederation of African Football (Caf) after serving one-year bans imposed by the organisation.
England's World Cup hopes suffered a major blow as they were thrashed by France in the quarter-finals in Paris.
A teenage brother of Great Britain taekwondo star Jade Hall has been selected to compete at the Austrian Open in June.
More than 200,000 people have signed a petition calling for a harsher sentence for a Stanford University student who sexually assaulted a woman.
The Yorkshire Sculpture Park (YSP) has unveiled plans for a new £3.5m visitor centre.
The front pages of the Scottish newspapers were dominated by the SNP's victory in the Holyrood election, with the Daily Record leading the way.
A fire at a building site in Monmouthshire is believed to have been deliberately set, police have said.
League One side Scunthorpe United have signed Bradford City midfielder Joe Ward on loan until the end of the season.
Former North Wales Police chief David Anglesea is to launch an appeal against his conviction for child sex abuse, his lawyer has said.
The National Farmers' Union (NFU) has voted in favour of the UK remaining in the European Union.
French actress Michele Morgan, who won a Cannes Film Festival award in 1946 for her role as a blind woman, has died aged 91.
The European Union and Turkey are trying to reach an agreement on how to deal with the migrant crisis in the Mediterranean.
The opening of a new £1.2bn bridge across the Firth of Forth has been delayed by six months, a minister has said.
A third sinkhole has opened up in Manchester city centre in less than a year, prompting a moratorium on roadworks.
A new £20m university campus on the Yorkshire coast has been officially opened.
Work is under way to restore the full length of the Swansea to Swansea canal.
Gourmet Burger Kitchen, the UK's first premium burger chain, has been bought by the owner of Nando.
Hibernian manager Neil Lennon has been given a one-game touchline ban and Greenock Morton boss Jim Duffy banned for two games for their match at Easter Road.
England beat Sri Lanka by one wicket in a thrilling Twenty20 international at Edgbaston.
It's one of the most ambitious video game projects in the history of the industry.
Sir Bradley Wiggins has become the first British athlete to win an Olympic gold medal on home soil, as Katherine Glover and Jo Stanning won rowing gold.
Great Britain were knocked out of the America's Cup Qualifiers for the third time in four years.
The Pro12's chief executive Mark Dodson and chief executive Jim Browne were in the same room on Wednesday when they laid out their case for why the competition needs a radical overhaul.
Alfred Russel Wallace was one of the most famous British correspondents of all time.
Leinster came from 15 points down to beat Scarlets in the Pro12 game at the RDS.
A project to mark the 400th anniversary of Shakespeare's death has been launched by the British Council and the government.
US President Barack Obama has asked Congress for $1.3bn (Â£1.1bn) to buy body cameras for police officers following protests in Ferguson, Missouri.
Bombardier has announced that it will begin production of its new CS300 jet from its Belfast plant in September.
Police in Los Angeles have defended their decision to shut schools in the city after receiving a bomb threat.
Northern Ireland's women suffered a 2-0 defeat by Spain in their opening Group A match at the Uefa Under-19 Championship in Ballymena.
The Belfast Giants have signed defenceman Dustin Johner for the 2017-18 Elite League season.
Virgin Media has been accused of "misrepresenting" the number of homes and businesses it has connected to the internet.
Arriva Trains has said some of its trains are out of use while it carries out maintenance work.
Voting to leave the EU is the only way to "take back control" of immigration, a cross-party group of MPs has said, as Prime Minister David Cameron said leaving the EU was "not the right way".
Russian theatre director Mikhail Bogdanov says he felt "very angry" when he was found guilty of perverting the course of justice for staging a play about the Roman invasion of Britain in 1980.
More than 1,000 people have taken part in a race up a hill in a Gloucestershire town known for its cheese.
Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates has given away a further $10bn (Â£6.5bn) in shares to charity, making him the richest person in the US.
A UKIP MEP has said he will not back any of the party's candidates in the contest to replace Paul Nuttall as leader of the Welsh party.
It is not every athlete's dream to compete at the 2020 Olympics in Tokyo, but for some it is the only option.
Lithuania's Svetlana Meilutyte set a new world record in the women's 200m individual medley in the semi-finals of the World Championships.
Bristol City moved into the League One play-off places with a hard-fought victory over Ipswich Town.
Wales scrum-half Mike Phillips has been suspended for a "clear breach of standards" after an incident outside a Cardiff restaurant.
Uncertainty about the impact of Brexit on the UK's manufacturing sector has increased, according to a survey.
Fans at West Ham United have voted in favour of a game between the club's men's and women's teams at Upton Park.
Changes to the way benefits are claimed in Scotland are having a "damaging effect" on people's mental health, according to a study.
The two accountants who handed the wrong envelope at Sunday's Oscars have been given police protection, it has been reported.
A community organiser from Port Talbot has said Tata Steel's decision to change the way it runs its European operations has added to uncertainty about the future.
Theresa May has said she would like to see the issue of EU citizens living in the UK dealt with in the early part of Brexit talks.
Russia has shared with the EU a list of 89 people it has banned from entering the country, the EU says.
Two rival gangs in Honduras say they have agreed a truce, but only if the government agrees to it.
GoPro's chief executive has announced plans to launch a drone in the US.
Plans to cut home-to-school transport subsidies for children in Gloucestershire have been put on hold.
It has been a remarkable start to the year for a young Spaniard.
Councils in England have been hit by cuts of up to 40% since 2010, the Commons Public Accounts Committee has said.
Newcastle boss Rafael Benitez and Sunderland boss Sam Allardyce say they will go "right to the wire" to avoid Premier League relegation.
A snooker player who conned a rival out of £1,600 has been ordered to repay the money.
A US woman charged with child sex offences in Wrexham has had the case against her dropped.
The world's most popular mobile operating system, Android, has been issued with a major security update.
A woman has been jailed for six years for killing her unborn baby by poisoning it with a drug she bought online.
England beat Australia by seven wickets to complete a 3-0 series whitewash in the Women's World Twenty20.
Former Olympic heptathlon champion Jo Sotherton says she is open to the idea of rewriting world records set before 2005.
Three hospitals in Bristol have been placed on a "black alert" because of a rise in demand.
David Cameron has said the UK will continue to work "very closely" with China, despite reports that China has blocked UK ministers from visiting the country.
Matt McAllister's late equaliser earned Eastleigh a draw at home to Aldershot, who finished with 10 men.
Police are investigating an "appalling" number of vandalisms to cars in north Edinburgh.
At least five people have been killed in Australia's New South Wales (NSW) state as heavy rain and strong winds continue to batter the state.
How do you build a business that could be one of the biggest in the world of commercial space travel?
An Italian mafia clan has been accused of stealing more than €100m ($109m/£85m) from an immigrant centre.
A Florida man has been found guilty of killing his estranged wife and posting a picture of her on Facebook.
Newport Gwent Dragons prop Rhys Cudd has signed a new two-year contract with the Pro12 club.
Spending on private ambulances in London has more than doubled in the past three years, according to Labour.
The Indian government has filed a lawsuit against Vodafone in a long-running dispute over unpaid taxes.
When Ole Gunnar Solskjaer was in charge of Molde in the Norwegian top-flight, he was praised for the way he made the players feel at home.
Asian markets have fallen sharply after the European Central Bank (ECB) decided to cut interest rates for the first time in three years.
An independent mediator will be needed to "reset working relationships" between key stakeholders in the Casement Park stadium project, a report has said.
A scheme to encourage people to get off their cars and onto bicycles in Dumfries and Galloway has been dropped.
Tributes have been paid to British student Joel Richards, who was killed in the Tunisia beach attack.
A North Korean man arrested in connection with the death of Kim Jong-nam has accused Malaysia of using force to extract a confession.
Two teenagers who stole a vicar's car while she was leaving church have been detained.
Scotland scrum-half Jamie Hamilton has been left out of Vern Cotter's World Cup squad.
Great Britain's Jason Lewis won gold in the men's high jump at the Commonwealth Games in Glasgow, beating Australia's Chris Cutts.
The US zoo where Harambe the gorilla was shot and killed has said it will not put the animal back on display.
China's economy grew by 6.8% in the final three months of 2015, slower than the 6.9% growth in the previous quarter, official figures show.
Scientists have developed a new type of lithium-ion battery which resembles the lining of the small intestine.
Leicester City manager Claudio Ranieri has urged his players not to leave the Premier League champions this summer.
The Church of England has appointed its first woman bishop, the Very Reverend Anne Lane.
Ten-man Wigan were held to a draw by Oldham in the first game of the new League One season.
Swindon Town's record goalscorer Jordan Rhodes has been released by the club after leaving their defeat by Plymouth Argyle.
An investigation into the death of a woman at her home in Tayside is to be carried out by the police watchdog.
A Royal Mail postbox in Henley-on-Thames has been painted gold to mark Team GB's success at the Olympics.
Bangladesh took control of the second Test against England in Chittagong on day three in Dhaka.
Bus drivers in Cardiff have accepted an offer from the city's bus company to end a series of strikes.
The 50th anniversary of the Forth Road Bridge is to be marked with a procession through the town of Queensferry.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has said the US will not defend its European allies in the event of an attack on the alliance.
Flood defences should be spread across the UK to reduce the risk of flooding, experts say.
Atletico Madrid forward Antoine Griezmann has been ruled out of Saturday's La Liga game against Real Madrid because of a foot injury.
A gull has had to be put down after being shot in the head with an airgun in the Borders.
Shares on Wall Street ended the day higher on Friday, with the Dow Jones and S&P 500 closing at record highs.
Protesters in the western Indian state of Gujarat have set fire to government buses and poisoned seven Dalit men, police say.
Ex-footballers Paul Gascoigne and Steve Coogan are among those to have settled their phone hacking cases at the High Court in London.
Scientists have worked out how monarch butterflies navigate their 2,000-mile (3,000km) journey from the UK to Mexico.
The University of Manchester has unveiled its most powerful computer in the UK.
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has said he is ready to reinstate the death penalty if the people demand it.
A couple who bought a World War Two fighter jet for £10,000 and turned it into a "caterpillar on the back of a lorry" have put it up for sale.
The new leader of Birmingham City Council has been elected with just one vote.
Surfers have been flocking to the south coast of Portugal after Storm Doris battered Scotland.
Romelu Lukaku and Eden Hazard scored as Belgium came from behind to beat Norway 3-2 in their final Euro 2016 warm-up game.
Rangers manager Pedro Caixinha has urged his players to build on their impressive start to life in the top flight.
A shortage of graduates who speak French, Spanish and German is affecting the number of jobs available in Belfast, according to Ulster University.
The world's largest shield has been moved into place at the site of the Chernobyl nuclear power plant in Ukraine.
A police investigation into a crash in which Tour de France champion Chris Froome's bike was hit by a car has been partially closed.
From April 2015, Northern Ireland's councils will have more powers than they have had in the past.
A fire which destroyed a 19th Century mill in West Yorkshire has been described as "devastating" by Historic England.
A council has defended its decision to hang bunting in the colours of the Tour de France in Cambridge, saying it has "no fears" it will topple over.
A senior Indian religious leader has warned that allowing women into a Hindu temple could lead to an increase in rape incidents.
The mother of a girl accused of being sexually abused by a gang of men in Sheffield has told a court her daughter's character changed from a lovely girl to an animal.
A father has described the moment he grabbed a newborn baby from a bus stop and gave her a "good hard rub" before she opened her eyes.
A UKIP leadership candidate's chef was stopped by the Border Agency as he tried to enter the UK from India.
An Australian research ship that ran aground on rocks in the Antarctic has been towed to a nearby research station.
Four people have been rescued after their yacht capsized off the County Antrim coast.
Santander and Deutsche Bank have failed the latest round of US bank stress tests, the US central bank has announced.
An appeal to raise money for the family of murdered MP Jo Cox has passed £100,000.
Online grocer Ocado has returned to profit for the first time in its 10-year history, helped by a tie-up with Morrisons.
Wales defender Chris Gunter says the team can end their long wait for a major tournament by qualifying for Euro 2016.
Welsh and Irish ministers are meeting to discuss the potential impact of Brexit on Welsh ports.
Bomb disposal experts have been called in after an unexploded World War Two flare was found on a beach in Western Australia.
Scotland's number one squash player Chloe Adderley has won her first national title at the Scottish Open in Inverness.
Former Glasgow City Council leader Michael Matheson is to step down from his role as a councillor to become a visiting professor at Strathclyde University.
Militants have attacked a police station in Afghanistan's Helmand province, killing at least one officer and wounding several others, officials say.
The proportion of pupils in Scotland going on to a "positive destination" after leaving school has risen, according to new figures.
Stephen Hawking has warned that a disaster on Earth in the next 10,000 years is "a near certainty".
England's Tommy Fleetwood is in a three-way tie for the lead with American Brian Harman after the first round of the US Open.
A study has found that Turkish women who apply for jobs in Germany wearing a headscarf are less likely to be invited for interviews than those who do not.
Lewis Hamilton says he is "not worried" about his poor start to the season after finishing third in the Bahrain Grand Prix.
Hundreds of people have taken part in a march in the Mexican capital, Mexico City, calling for the legalisation of same-sex marriage.
Three men and two teenagers have been arrested following Friday's Scottish Cup semi-final between Celtic and Aberdeen at Hampden.
A man who subjected a woman to a "horrendous catalogue of offending" has been jailed for eight years.
The number of young people owning their own home in England has halved in the past 20 years, according to a report.
The family of a soldier who was shot dead at an Army barracks in Surrey 21 years ago have said they are "relieved" an inquest into his death has been reopened.
The family of Singapore's founding father, Lee Kuan Yew, has clashed over the scale of commemorations to mark the anniversary of his death.
Three Dundee students have created a bag which plays voice recordings when you take a credit card out of it.
Two men have been charged with historical sex offences against boys at a former boarding school.
Harlequins have signed scrum-half Alex Jackson from Premiership rivals Wasps.
Worcestershire's County Championship Division Two match against Kent has been postponed because of a waterlogged outfield.
An Italian ferry that caught fire off the Spanish island of Mallorca is in danger of sinking, port officials say.
A number of arrests have been made in connection with the murder of a man in County Antrim, police have said.
A Caerphilly county meat firm has been fined £15,000 after a retrial for food safety offences.
When Jean-Louis Godin's father was killed in a car crash, the family fortune was wiped out.
The owner of a £1m Lotto ticket bought in Denbighshire has been urged to come forward.
A French honorary consul in the Turkish city of Bodrum has been caught on camera selling supplies to migrants trying to reach Greece by sea.
UKIP leader Tom Coburn has said he would do his "best" to lead the party if asked to do so.
Eddie Redmayne has revealed he's been working with a fitness coach to prepare for his new role as Einar Elbe.
Ronnie O'Sullivan was knocked out of the Welsh Open in the first round after losing 4-3 to Mark Holt.
Transport bosses in London are to trial badges for disabled and sick passengers to help them find a seat.
Rugby league players Ben Pick and Jason Bateman may have thought they could get away with taking banned substances during pre-season, UK Anti-Doping has said.
More than 100 mosques have been shut down in the Nigerian city of Lagos after residents complained about the noise they made.
Linfield came from behind to beat Glenavon 3-2 in the Irish Premiership.
As part of the Dying Matters Coalition, we want to encourage people to talk more openly about dying and bereavement.
Rangers International Football Club plc has raised £22.2m from professional and institutional investors in its share sale.
The government of Indian-administered Kashmir has banned lavish weddings in the region.
The Sunday Times columnist Adrian Gill has died at the age of 55, the newspaper has announced.
Rangers have appointed Manchester City's academy director Mark Allen as their new director of football.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has never been one to mince her words.
Archaeologists have unearthed evidence of a Viking kingdom in Galloway that was "pre-eminent among the kingdoms of the north", they have said.
Russell Knox and Paul Casey are tied for the lead after the second round of the Travelers Championship in Connecticut.
Annan Athletic striker Omar al-Hassan hopes his side's run in the Scottish Cup will inspire other young players to follow in his footsteps.
More than two-thirds of councils in England and Wales are planning to raise council tax next year, a survey suggests.
A private ambulance company has been accused of not paying its contractor for six months.
US striker Alex Morgan has signed for French champions Lyon on a two-year deal, subject to international clearance.
Britain's Bianca Cheshire says she is "over all of her head injuries" after failing to qualify for the slopestyle final at the X Games in California.
Welsh boxer Nicola Adams has called on the World Boxing Council (WBC) to allow longer rounds in female boxing.
Sevilla remain on course for a third consecutive Europa League title after coming from behind to draw 2-2 in Lviv.
The head of the Nato military alliance, Breedlove, has warned that Russia's military build-up in Crimea poses a threat to the entire Black Sea.
It is one of the greatest sporting moments you can have as a child.
A three-year-old German Shepherd called Ludwig has become a star in his home city of Munich, Germany.
Sinn Féin has said the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) has "lost the run of themselves" over the Renewable Heat Incentive scandal.
The chief constable of South Yorkshire Police is to step down following a report into the Rotherham child abuse scandal.
The number of people living with diabetes in Wales is rising at an "alarming rate", a charity has warned.
Hearts have signed Poland international defender Tomasz Grzelak on a two-year deal.
The operators of the UK's free-to-use cash machines are holding a series of meetings to try to resolve a dispute over fees.
A Saudi source has told the BBC that a $700m (Â£400m) donation to Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak in 2013 was authorised from the very top.
Chris Eubank Jr says he will not be affected by the brain injury suffered by his father Chris in his British middleweight title fight against Jamie Doran on Saturday.
Turkish police say they have seized more than 1,300 life jackets used by migrants trying to cross the Mediterranean to Europe.
A Southend United fan has been given a suspended prison sentence after he was involved in an incident at the League One club's ground.
Defending champions Chris and Gabby Adcock have become the first pair to win five English Open titles in a row.
Shrewsbury missed the chance to move into the League One play-off places as they were beaten at home by Sheffield United.
Robert Lewandowski was taken off on a stretcher after a collision with a Romanian fan during Poland's Euro 2016 qualifier against Montenegro.
Kids in Australia have been given the chance to design their own national parks - in 3D.
An agreement in principle has been reached to end a dispute over the minimum wage on the Northern Isles' freight boats.
Ospreys fly-half Vereniki Goneva is set to make his first appearance of the season in Saturday's Pro12 game against Scarlets at Liberty Stadium.
Jockey Barry Ackerman has had his six-month ban for betting on horse races overturned after he failed in an appeal.
The US-led Nato alliance has formally ended its combat mission in Afghanistan, bringing to an end more than 17 years of fighting.
Two refugees have been praised for helping a far-right German politician who was injured in a car crash on Sunday.
A man has died and three people have been injured in a crash in Manchester.
Wales' first minister has accused Theresa May of having a "tin ear" over devolution, as the UK prepares to leave the EU.
Former England all-rounder Paul Downton has been appointed England and Wales Cricket Board chief executive.
The family of a man killed in a crash caused by a speeding driver have said the legal system has "let them down".
Two sheep have been reunited with their owner after they were found wandering around in a garden in west Belfast.
Greece has published a list of reforms it wants to make in order to secure a third bailout from its international creditors.
A public consultation on the future of Gloucester Prison has been launched.
BBC Radio 2 presenter Fearne Cotton has ended her 10-year career with her final show.
Bath and England scrum-half Tom Watson has been charged with two offences following his red card in Saturday's Premiership defeat by Saracens.
Dan Holman scored a hat-trick as Cheltenham moved back to the top of the National League with a comfortable win over Woking.
An ancient Chinese board game has been discovered in a tomb in China.
Rangers defender Dani Alves says he would have signed for the club even if the club had not played in European competition this season.
China's consumer prices rose at their slowest pace in more than two years in September, official figures showed, as producer prices continued to fall.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock says he is "not happy" with Jazz Richards' recovery from a broken leg.
A device on the Virgin Galactic space plane that crashed last week, killing one of the pilots, may have been accidentally activated.
Hundreds of civilians have been rescued from the ruins of Mosul after Iraqi forces retook the city from Islamic State militants.
The UK's Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (Defra) has warned that pesticides are damaging the brains of honey bees.
A new centre of excellence for marine and bio-energy research is to be set up in Londonderry after it was awarded £1.5m in EU funding.
Egyptian experts say they have found "anomalies" in the temperatures of the pyramids of Giza, which date back more than 2,000 years.
An unexploded World War Two bomb has been found at a disused quarry.
A man has been arrested in connection with the alleged kidnapping of model Chloe Ayling.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farhad Manjoo looks at some of the recent high-profile prank TV shows.
General Motors (GM) is investing $1.2bn (Â£1.1bn) in a new plant in Ontario, Canada, creating up to 1,000 jobs.
The body of former Toronto Mayor Rob Ford has been laid to rest in the city's Etobicoke Cemetery.
A fox cub has been rescued after getting trapped in the engine bay of a car in Edinburgh.
The Scots accent has undergone a number of changes over the past century, according to new research.
A cathedral in Surrey which has been threatened with demolition is set to be saved after raising more than £5m.
She plays a no-nonsense politician in the hit US TV series House of Cards, and now Robin Wright has said she wants to be paid the same as her co-star Kevin Spacey.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed little changed on Wednesday, despite strong earnings from Tiffany's and Adobe.
Unpaid internships should be banned in the UK, a group of MPs and peers has said.
The Scottish government has announced funding for an offshore wind farm off the west coast of Scotland.
A pregnant woman and her boyfriend have gone on trial accused of smuggling 12 people into the UK in a van.
Fidel Castro's Cuba was the first communist state in the world to emerge from the shadow of the US-led Cold War.
Former Australia captain Michael Clarke has praised Alastair Cook's leadership after England's series win in India.
The Scottish SPCA has appealed for information after a cat was shot in the leg with a pellet gun in Aberdeenshire.
The rainbow flag has been raised for the first time since the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) took power at Stormont.
A Labour MEP is to take up a top role at an international body that advises companies on how they report their activities to regulators.
A hacker group says it has stolen Game of Thrones scripts and episodes of Ballers from US TV network HBO.
Police have launched an investigation into allegations of sexual abuse at Kids Company, a children's charity in north-east London.
Actor Morgan Freeman is to receive a lifetime achievement award from the American Film Institute (AFI).
A 40-year-old man has been arrested in Crawley on suspicion of Syria-related terrorism offences.
Royal Bank of Scotland's capital levels have fallen in a Bank of England stress test, which examined the impact of a 7% fall in the UK economy.
The Isle of Wight's "floating bridge" is to be closed to vehicles and pedestrians for the first time in its history.
Wakefield Trinity Wildcats half-back Joe Simon has signed a new two-year contract with the Super League club.
A new divorce form asks for the name of the person your spouse has committed adultery with, legal experts say.
One of Scotland's most famous birds of prey, the osprey, has returned to a nature reserve in the Highlands.
How often do you check your phone in the middle of the night?
The Russian foreign ministry's spokeswoman has said Jewish people in the US donated to both Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton.
Four people were taken to hospital after a fire broke out on a train at Oxford Circus station.
Egyptian police and intelligence officers are carrying out a campaign of sexual violence against detainees, the human rights group Amnesty International says.
Celtic striker Leigh Griffiths says the club are "fired up" for next season after a successful campaign.
The UK's unemployment rate has fallen to its lowest level in more than a decade, official figures show.
An episode of illusionist illusionist Craig Brown's TV show has been banned by Ofcom after complaints that children could have been harmed by it.
Great Britain's Adam Peaty won his second gold medal of the Rio Olympics with victory in the men's 200m individual medley.
A freckle on the finger of a childcare worker was the key to catching a paedophile online, according to Australian police.
What do you expect when you spend a month living in a space capsule the size of a football pitch?
A man has been charged in connection with a series of bomb attacks in the Canadian city of Winnipeg.
Dundee United have completed the signing of Ross Murdoch from Ross County.
Militants in eastern Libya say they have killed four Italian journalists who were kidnapped last year.
Britain's Hannah Lucas won the Para-cycling World Cup series for the second year in a row with victory in Canada.
Universities should offer students a "binding contract" to stop them taking legal action against them, London Mayor Boris Johnson has said.
India has condemned the death sentence handed down by a Pakistani military court to a former Indian navy officer for spying.
At least 16 people have been killed in a suicide bomb attack in the Somali capital Mogadishu, officials say.
A man has been held at gunpoint by a man who forced his way into a house in west Belfast.
The RSPCA has received more than 2,000 calls about dog fighting in England and Wales in the past year, the highest number on record, according to the League Against Cruel Sports.
A court in Myanmar has charged 65 people in connection with violent protests in the capital, Yangon.
A Birmingham Islamic high school has defended its decision to allow its only female governor to attend a meeting of the governing body.
A Denbighshire pensioner who raped and sexually abused a woman over a 10-year period has been jailed for 12 years.
Cambridge United's winless start to the League Two season continued as they were held to a draw by Morecambe.
A 16-year-old boy has been arrested in County Londonderry on suspicion of possessing a firearm with intent to endanger life.
Cardiff City midfielder Aled Jones could be out for the rest of the season after suffering a fresh injury.
Teachers in England need a pay rise to help attract and retain the best and the brightest, says the head teachers' union, the ATL.
Drilling for shale gas in Lancashire has been suspended after a small earthquake was detected in the area.
An exhibition of works by Caravaggio and his followers has opened at the Scottish National Gallery.
Apple has added a two-step verification system to its iCloud service in a bid to protect users from hackers.
The family of US journalist Jill Colvin, who was killed while covering the conflict in Syria, has filed a lawsuit against the Syrian government.
A four-month-old baby boy was killed and his brother seriously injured in a dog attack, an inquest has heard.
Scottish sport is facing a £10m funding cut over the next three years, BBC Scotland has learned.
Pregnant women who eat a high fat diet are more likely to give birth to an underweight child, according to a major European study.
A hoard of Bronze Age weapons has been discovered on the shores of Coll in Argyll.
Police have appealed for witnesses after a teenage boy was attacked and stamped on on a train in Glasgow.
A teacher has been arrested in Spain on suspicion of possessing and sharing sexually explicit images of underage girls.
Beyonce has been named the world's highest-paid artist for 2014, taking home an estimated $91m (£66m).
A World Cup winner's medal won by Brazil's Pele has sold at auction in Paris for more than £150,000.
Indonesia's president has said he is "disgusted" by reports that Australia spied on his phone.
Syrian rebels have released a video purporting to show the killing of dozens of pro-government soldiers in an attack in the north of the country.
Organic farming can increase the biodiversity of farmland, according to a new study from Swansea University.
The managers of some of the UK's biggest artists have written an open letter to the government calling for a review of secondary ticketing websites.
The Bank of England has announced that it is raising the rate of the levy it charges the UK's banks by 0.088%.
A global sell-off in bonds has continued after US President-elect Donald Trump's surprise election victory.
Tesco has reported a rise in sales for the second quarter in a row, as it continues to focus on its main supermarket business.
A driver has been fined for trying to listen to a Sam Smith song on his phone while driving in Dorset.
Actress Dame Judi Dench has said she is struggling to cope with the loss of her eyesight.
A double-decker bus was left stranded on a farm muck heap after being driven down a no-through road.
A total solar eclipse took place on 21 August 2014, with the moon passing between the Sun and the Earth.
Plans for a universal basic income in Wales have been backed by the government.
Glan Clwyd and Denbigh Infirmary have become the first two north Wales hospitals to achieve four-star ratings for food hygiene.
Welsh Labour are going to hold a "short sharp" analysis into what went wrong.
Trawsfynydd nuclear power station in Gwynedd could be used for a new type of nuclear reactor, according to the Welsh government.
Michael Natzler has been appointed as the new Clerk of the House of Commons, Speaker John Bercow has announced.
A woman from Berkshire who uses cannabis to ease her arthritis fears she could be jailed for possession of small amounts of the drug in the UK.
Voting has ended in the second round of Tunisia's presidential election, in which a former prime minister is seeking a third term.
Partick Thistle have agreed a deal to sign Dundee United midfielder Scott Erskine at the end of the season.
Tax chiefs from the Big Four accountancy firms have defended their use of tax havens, after being accused of making billions of pounds disappear.
Vaccinating women against a virus that causes cervical cancer could lead to a significant drop in new cases, according to Health Protection Scotland.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock says he had talks about becoming Aston Villa's manager in the summer.
Canada has revoked the citizenship of a German man who worked for the Einsatzkommando, a Nazi death squad during World War Two.
The number of small businesses in Scotland with basic digital skills is higher than the UK average, according to a report.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed higher on Wednesday, boosted by gains in the pharmaceutical and tech sectors.
A 19-year-old man has been jailed for eight years for raping a 15-year old girl in a park.
Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg have been warned by Formula 1 bosses that they could face disciplinary action if they continue to collide on track.
Russia has blocked more than 1,000 websites, including porn sites, saying they "spread pornography".
The childhood home of explorer Gertrude Bell is among the top 10 Victorian buildings in England in need of help.
Voters in Iraq go to the polls on Sunday in elections widely seen as a test of the country's political stability.
Marine Maréchal-Le Pen, the niece of French far-right leader Jean-Marie Le Pen, is to step down, according to French newspaper Le Figaro.
Wales scrum-half Tomas Francis says he was relieved to keep his place for Friday's Six Nations match against England.
Eight people have been arrested after a number of cars were vandalised at a Tesco store in Flintshire.
The future of a coastal rail line could be in doubt because of rising sea levels, according to a new report.
Southeastern is to compensate passengers affected by the closure of the railway line between Dover and London last month.
The Glastonbury Festival has got under way, with thousands of fans queuing up outside the Pyramid Stage for a chance to catch a glimpse of Florence and the Machine.
Welsh Conservative leader Andrew RT Davies has accused a Labour AM of using "aggressive language" during a debate on Brexit.
I am moving from the BBC's business programme, Talking Business, to the BBC Radio 4 Today programme, where I will be reporting on business issues.
Nottingham Forest have signed Lazio's Lasse Christensen on loan until the end of the season and Middlesbrough's Cauley Woodrow on a season-long loan deal.
The day after her water broke, Joanna Williams was told she was pregnant with her first child.
An eBay auction for a pushchair described as "everything that ended my happy carefree low cost child free life" has been put up for sale for £100,000.
A former senior trader at Rabobank has pleaded guilty in the US to conspiring to rig one of the world's key interest rates.
Hull FC have signed prop Joe Arundel from Super League rivals Castleford Tigers on a two-year deal.
Plans for a seven-day NHS in England should be shelved, a leading health expert has said.
Helen Jenkins should be selected for the Rio Olympics after winning the World Triathlon Series event in Abu Dhabi, says fellow British triathlete Non Stanford.
The National Crime Agency (NCA) is to lead an investigation into the sale of Northern Ireland assets owned by the Republic of Ireland's National Assets Management Agency (Nama).
Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen has announced plans to launch his own spaceplane.
The Scottish government has been ordered to reconsider its decision to grant planning permission for four hydro-electric projects in Fife.
A Fife man has admitted raping and indecently assaulting two young girls.
A 28-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was found dead in a street on Saturday night.
The scale of the violence in South Sudan's capital, Juba, has led to fears that the country could be on the brink of genocide.
Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes believes his side can finish second in the Scottish Premiership following their 3-0 win over Rangers.
A soldier's pet ram has been promoted to the highest rank in the army.
The so-called Islamic State (IS) has said it carried out an attack on a Shia shrine in the Iraqi capital, Baghdad, that killed at least 20 people.
The word "binge-watch" has been named Collins' word of the year for 2015.
Brazil coach Luiz Felipe Scolari has resigned, the Brazilian Football Federation (CBF) has confirmed.
NHS trusts in England are paying more than £380m a year for on-patent cancer drugs, according to a report by researchers.
The winner of the Ibrahim Prize for African Governance has not been announced, seven years after the prize was launched by Sudan's Omar al-Bashir.
An amber "be aware" warning for winds of up to 90mph has been issued for parts of Scotland on Friday.
Olivier award-winning actress Helen Terry is to become the new artistic director of Shakespeare's Globe, the theatre has announced.
A mother who went missing with her two-year-old daughter has been found safe and well, police have said.
When it comes to music, you don't need to be a rock star to get a record deal.
A mural of a boy making Union Jack bunting that was removed from a Poundland store and put up for auction has been restored and will go on show.
Revenues from gambling in the Chinese territory of Macau fell sharply in the first three months of the year as a crackdown on corruption and luxury spending continued.
India's prestigious National Academy of Letters (Akademi) has condemned recent attacks on writers by right-wing groups in the country.
Hundreds of people have signed a petition calling on Oxford University's governing body to reconsider its plans to cut courses.
A man has been arrested in connection with the murder of Swansea man John Warburton, police have said.
Britain's Simon Yates dropped out of the Vuelta a Espana overall lead as Peter Sagan won stage five.
Liverpool midfielder James Milner has been released by the England Football Association.
Arsenal missed the chance to reach the FA Cup quarter-finals for the fourth year in a row as they were held by Hull City.
Huawei has filed a lawsuit against Samsung, accusing the tech giant of using its technology in its phones.
The killing of Col Muammar Gaddafi by Nato forces in the Libyan capital, Tripoli, was not an assassination attempt, the US defence secretary Ash Carter has said.
The body of a man has been found in a crashed car with a two-year-old girl in the back.
The UK and Scottish governments have made "significant progress" in talks on a fiscal framework for Scotland's new devolved powers, a minister has said.
The US Secretary of State, John Kerry, has said there is a "serious concern" over the militarisation of the South China Sea.
Nicola Sturgeon has accused David Cameron of being "not master of all he surveys in the House of Commons" after a vote on hunting laws was postponed.
The inquiry into the Grenfell Tower fire could be too limited, Jeremy Corbyn has said.
Ospreys have signed South Africa prop Brian Mujati from Sale Sharks on a two-year deal.
A British backpacker has been missing in Vietnam for more than 24 hours after falling down a mountain.
Tributes have been paid to former Leeds Rhinos president Harry Jepson at his funeral.
Tian Tian, the giant panda at Edinburgh Zoo, could give birth at the end of the month, the zoo has said.
The public is being asked to vote for the "great British bird" to be named after the Queen.
Austrian police are searching for a man who they say is posing as Adolf Hitler in the town of Braunau.
A man who was stabbed to death in Sheffield has been named.
Two London Underground lines have been temporarily closed due to the fire at the Grenfell Tower block.
England pace bowler James Anderson says Joe Root has the "fire in his belly" to become Test captain.
The announcement by the US Federal Communications Commission (FCC) that it will allow internet service providers (ISPs) to create a "fast lane" for Netflix and other video-streaming services was met with a mixture of anger and fear.
Burnley moved up to second in the Championship with victory over Lancashire rivals Blackburn at Turf Moor.
Jaguar Land Rover (JLR) has announced that it will invest £100m in a new aluminium platform and create up to 100 new jobs in the UK.
Corey Whitely scored the only goal of the game as Dagenham and Redbridge beat Eastleigh in the National League.
Matt Stead's second-half strike earned Notts County their first win of the League Two season at Hartlepool.
A 20-year-old man has been stabbed to death in a bar in south-west London.
An oak thought to be up to 5,000 years old has been shortlisted for this year's UK Tree of the Year award.
A man has died and two girls have been taken to hospital after being rescued from the sea in Gwynedd.
Up to 100 jobs are to go at a fish and chip factory in Londonderry after a company failed to secure a new strategy.
Swimmers have been warned to stay away from jellyfish after a rise in the number of sightings.
A woman was bludgeoned to death with a kitchen knife by her ex-boyfriend and his girlfriend, a court has heard.
The Duke of Wales has given birth to his first child, a son, named William Frederick Charles.
Wales scrum-half Joe Thornton has been named on the bench for Saturday's Six Nations match against Ireland at Twickenham.
A plan to build 31,400 homes and create thousands of jobs is to be challenged in court after a planning inspector said it was "unsound".
The UK Border Agency (UKBA) must do more to deal with 150,000 people who have been refused an extension to their stay in the UK, the immigration inspector has said.
Nicola Sturgeon has been named as one of the world's 50 most powerful women.
A man has been convicted of stealing sheep from a Powys farm after DNA tests proved they were the offspring of a farmer's ewes.
An exhibition celebrating the work of William Blake has opened at a museum in Oxford where his printing studio was once located.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump is the world's most dangerous politician, according to the Economist Intelligence Unit (EIU).
The London Stock Exchange (LSE) and Deutsche Boerse have said they expect to win shareholder approval for their planned €2.2bn (£1.9bn) merger.
You might think that the idea of being hit on the back with a bunch of oak bunches is enough to send you into a cold sweat.
Sky has launched its first mobile phone service in the UK, offering customers the chance to use their data for free.
Australia's Deputy Prime Minister Barnaby Joyce has said he will be "strongly campaigning" for the country to legalise same-sex marriage.
Hull City goalkeeper Eldin Jakupovic produced a string of fine saves to deny Manchester United victory at Old Trafford.
A 28-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was hit by a train.
Lewis Hamilton took pole position for the Belgian Grand Prix for the first time since Michael Schumacher was killed in a skiing accident in 2013.
Julie and her daughter Shannon live in the same house as their six-year-old son Kayden, who died from a brain haemorrhage.
A councillor has denied sharing a post suggesting paedophiles should be put down.
Rangers missed the chance to go second in the Scottish Premiership as they were held to a draw by St Johnstone at Ibrox.
There's a saying in politics that "if you don't lose, you won't learn".
A 21-year-old man who died after being shot by police in Bedfordshire was unarmed, a post-mortem examination has found.
Chelsea captain John Terry says he has not decided where he will play his final season in the Premier League.
Denny Solomona scored a hat-trick on his Sale debut as they came from behind to beat Wasps in the Premiership.
Lewis Hamilton has become only the third driver in Formula 1 history to win 50 races - and he is on course to become the fourth.
The Sri Lankan army has suspended its search for survivors of a mudslide that killed at least 20 people on Tuesday.
Justin Gatlin has broken his own 200m world record for the second time this year by finishing third at the Diamond League meeting.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has been criticised for spending thousands of dollars on a custom-made bed on a plane chartered by his office.
Amnesty International has called on India to repeal a controversial law which it says gives security forces sweeping powers in Indian-administered Kashmir.
Permission has been granted for journalists to live-stream the sentencing of a man found guilty of murdering his former lover on Twitter.
Former Apprentice star Katie Hopkins has apologised to the family of a Pakistani family stopped from travelling to the US after she claimed they were extremists.
Chinese artist Ai Weiwei has said Lego is "telling us what to love or hate", after the company said it would not sell its products to him.
Lin-Manuel Miranda has taken to the stage for the first time in her West End debut as Miss Hannigan in musical Hamilton.
The number of homeless people in Northampton has more than doubled in the past year, according to a report.
Mikheil Saakashvili has been Georgia's president for more than a decade and is one of the country's most influential politicians.
A charity has warned of a "growing crisis" of low pay and poor conditions in the workplace.
West Ham's return to Upton Park ended in defeat as they were beaten 2-1 by Juventus in their first game at their new home.
At least 20 students have died in a fire at a boarding school in north-eastern Nigeria, officials say.
The Great Britain team have been announced for the 2017 World Rowing Cup in the United States.
Wales internationals Sam Warburton, Dan Lydiate, Alun Wyn Lee and Rhys Amos have all signed new national dual contracts.
Aston Villa have signed former England midfielder Carlton Cole on a two-year deal.
Prime Minister Theresa May has said she wants a new "strategic partnership" with the European Union after the UK leaves the bloc.
Bees' noises are being analysed in a bid to learn more about the behaviour of the honey bees in Wales.
Lincoln City reached the FA Cup third round for the first time since 2009 with a comfortable win over League One side Oldham Athletic.
The cost to the taxpayer of the botched Metronet project could be higher than previously estimated, a committee of MPs has said.
In the history of the Nobel Prize, there have been many male scientists who have made significant contributions to science.
Former world number one Stephen Hendry was beaten 4-1 by England's Peter Lines in the first round of the World Indoor Bowls Championship.
Scotland on Sunday has seen its print sales fall by more than a third since the independence referendum, according to the Audit Bureau of Circulation.
The Liberal Democrats should allow local authorities to raise additional funds for the NHS and care if they choose, Norman Lamb has told the party's conference.
Clyde manager Darren Ferguson says his side must beat Annan Athletic on Saturday if they are to have any chance of reaching the Scottish League Two play-offs.
Greece may have voted to leave the European Union in the last round of the country's bailout talks, but it is not clear if that will be enough to change the minds of its voters.
Archaeologists have unearthed parts of a World War Two plane that crashed in County Monaghan in 1942.
Parents claim their children are being "punished" for living in a rural area because they cannot walk to a school bus stop.
A memorial service has been held in Glasgow for the victims of the earthquake in central Italy.
Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull is the latest victim of the country's famous "Bald Archy" - a dog-like figure who is often used as a political attack dog.
Lewis Hamilton headed team-mate Nico Rosberg and Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel in final practice at the Hungarian Grand Prix.
A teenager has been charged in connection with an alleged ticket fraud at the T in the Park festival.
China's President Xi Jinping has arrived in Hong Kong for the 20th anniversary of the territory's handover from British to Chinese rule.
An Indian rapper has protested against the appointment of a woman as chief minister of the southern state of Tamil Nadu.
Eleven people have been arrested in connection with a landslide at a landfill in the southern Chinese city of Shenzhen last month.
The Scottish government could face legal action over its record on air pollution, it has been warned.
A white US police officer has been found not guilty of murder in the shooting of a black man and woman in Cleveland, Ohio.
Russia has said it is "deeply saddened" by the deaths of more than 100 people in two suicide bomb attacks in Syria.
Cornish Pirates are against the introduction of promotion/relegation from the Championship to the Premiership.
A drop in the price of recycling household waste has cost Welsh councils more than £400,000 over the past year.
The UN General Assembly is taking place in the US state of New York.
A knife has been found in a school playground in Dumfries and Galloway.
The 2016 UK Championship gets under way in London on Thursday, with the world's top 10 players taking part in the event.
Red Bull's return to Formula 1 in 2017 ended in disappointment as they finished third in the Australian Grand Prix and missed out on the chance to win the title.
Voters in Scotland will go to the polls on 8 September to decide whether the UK should remain in the European Union or become an independent country.
A group of Perth traders has launched a campaign to "reawaken the sense of community" in the city centre.
Hampshire's Liam Dawson says he is relishing the prospect of playing for England again.
Hundreds of mourners are attending the funeral of PSNI officer Stephen Kerr in County Tyrone.
David Mulholland is to step down as Scotland's top law officer.
Firefighters are dealing with a fire on board a ferry which overturned in the Firth of Forth.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman was stabbed to death in Sheffield.
Scottish Labour MP Stella Black has been named as one of the year's most influential people by the music magazine NME.
A terminally ill man has taken his legal challenge to the law on assisted dying to the High Court in London.
Bayern Munich suffered a shock 3-1 defeat in the first leg of their Champions League quarter-final against Porto.
Tottenham Hotspur have agreed to pay £1m to the family of a 17-year-old boy who died after suffering a heart attack while playing for the club.
British actress Keira Knightley is to make her Broadway debut next year in a new play by Helen Edmundson.
New Argentina coach Edgardo Bauza says he wants to speak to Lionel Messi about his future with the national team.
A six-year-old Canadian boy has made headlines after leaving a note in the pages of a comic book he had damaged.
David Waites says it was "painful" to come back from a shoulder injury to win the BDO World Championship for a second time.
Newport Gwent Dragons half-back Chris Aiton has been ruled out for the rest of the Super League season with a knee injury.
A man has died after being shot by police in Hull, the Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC) said.
Women's Super League One side Birmingham City Ladies have signed German international Carina Linden from Hertha Berlin.
The chairman of a Commons select committee has threatened to take legal action against Mike Ashley if he fails to attend a meeting with MPs.
Wales head coach Warren Gatland has denied his players have been banned from drinking alcohol after the Six Nations win over England.
Dundee thrashed Queen of the South to end a run of three straight Premiership defeats.
Tottenham boss Mauricio Pochettino says his side need to improve their mentality after exiting the Champions League.
The families of three people who died in a rollercoaster crash on the Gold Coast in Australia have been speaking out about their loss.
A man has admitted being concerned in the supply of heroin with a street value of more than £300,000.
Swansea City are interested in appointing former Athletic Bilbao boss Marcelo Bielsa as their new manager.
A 20-year-old man has been jailed for life for the murder of a rival gang member in north London.
It's been a year since the last time the US central bank raised interest rates, and the markets went into a tailspin.
Two men who groomed a teenage girl into prostitution in one of the most "damaging" cases of child sexual exploitation they had seen have been jailed.
Chelsea forward Eden Hazard will miss the start of the season after having surgery on a broken ankle.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was found dead at a house in Cambridgeshire.
The mother of a boy who died after being hit by a car has said his organs will be used to help others.
Worcester Warriors prop Tom Youngs has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a neck injury.
A public inquiry into plans for a £50m motor racing circuit in Blaenau Gwent has heard it is "difficult" to find land of equal value.
Morecambe came from behind to beat Swindon Town in the first game of the League Two season, thanks to a late goal from new signing Lee Thompson.
A third of people in the care of mental health crisis teams in the UK had taken their own lives within a week, a report has found.
Connacht beat Ulster 3-13 to 1-13 in the All-Ireland SFC quarter-final at Carrick-on-Shannon on Sunday.
MSPs who complain about the quality of their coffee at Holyrood have been told they can get a better deal from the Scottish Parliament's chief executive.
Hospitals in Wales may have to cut back on non-urgent operations to cope with pressures over the festive period, the chief executive of the Royal College of Surgeons has said.
Ethiopia's capital, Addis Ababa, is one of the world's most densely-populated cities, and the capital of a country with more than three million people.
Two fishermen have been rescued from Lough Swilly after getting into difficulty off Malin, County Antrim.
Two-time Tour de France winner Alberto Contador says he will be challenged by Chris Froome and Nairo Quintana in this month's Criterium du Dauphine.
Police in the southern Indian city of Bangalore have arrested four people for trying to sell "two-headed" snakes on the black market.
Brazil's former President Dilma Rousseff has left the presidential palace in Brasilia after being impeached by the Senate.
Derry City moved to within six points of second-placed Cork City in the Premier Division with victory over Wexford United.
The number of callouts to Snowdonia's Crib Goch this summer could have been prevented, a mountain rescue group has said.
Paris St-Germain have completed the £198m signing of Neymar from Barcelona on a five-year deal.
Celtic have made their second loan signing of the January transfer window.
The Pirate Bay has been hit by a distributed denial of service (DDoS) attack, the site has confirmed.
A British inventor says he has developed a £2,000 prosthetic hand that can be fitted with a 3D printer.
France's centre-right presidential candidate Francois Fillon has won the backing of his own party, ending a six-week campaign marred by a corruption scandal.
A hospital in Shropshire could close its accident and emergency unit and move to Shrewsbury, under new proposals.
Gordon Strachan says Scott Brown has been a "big part" of his Scotland career.
The contract for the £18bn Hinkley Point nuclear power station has been signed by the French state-owned energy company EDF.
The number of service personnel contacting the mental health charity SSAFA for help has risen by more than a third in a year.
A former Met Police detective has been jailed for six years for possessing and distributing child sex images.
Should we be worried about the prospect of a coup attempt against Jeremy Corbyn?
World number one Mark Selby took a 6-2 lead over Marco Fu into the semi-finals of the World Championship in Sheffield.
Scotland striker Rachel Evans says it would be "more heartbreak than humiliation" if her side were to miss out on Euro 2017.
The family of a teacher who was stabbed to death at her school have called for an independent inquiry into her death.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger says he would be a "huge disappointment" if some of his players did not want to play for the club.
The Nepalese government has said it plans to restrict the number of people who can climb Mount Everest.
The family of a man who was killed in a crash on the M1 have called for a change in the way older people drive.
A former Stanford University student who was sentenced to six months in prison for sexually assaulting a female student has been released.
Plans to protect a coastal railway line damaged by Storm Desmond have been unveiled by Network Rail.
New York's Guggenheim Museum has unveiled what it says is the world's most expensive toilet.
An exhibition of paintings by a US artist inspired by the Sound of Sleat is to open at Dumfries and Galloway College.
BT has defended its rollout of high speed broadband in rural parts of Scotland following criticism from a councillor.
Education Secretary Huw Lewis has defended his decision to drop a target for Wales to be in the world's top 20 in GCSEs.
Three TalkTalk call centre workers have been arrested in India on suspicion of breaching the company's data protection policies.
Police in the US state of Iowa have identified the man who shot and killed two police officers in the early hours of Wednesday.
The Scottish government is to increase the number of student teacher places by 60 in the next academic year.
Scotland's Paul Lawrie says Rory McIlroy's recent form bodes well for Europe's Ryder Cup team against the United States at Hazeltine next month.
Jeremy Corbyn has won the backing of Unison, the biggest union in the Labour Party, in the contest to be its next leader.
England's Luke Donald is in contention for a first PGA Tour title of the year after a second-round 65 at the Houston Open.
Ireland lock Jamie Heaslip has been named in the side to face Wales in Saturday's Six Nations match in Cardiff.
Manchester City Council's chief executive has been suspended over an alleged "failure to act" in a safeguarding case.
Netflix has become the first video-streaming service to roll out its service in every country outside the US.
John Hughes has resigned as Inverness Caledonian Thistle manager.
Greece is in a state of deja vu: the country is once again on the brink of default.
Sinn Féin leader Gerry Adams will not be charged over the murder of Jean McConville, the Public Prosecution Service (PPS) has said.
Golfers live longer than non-golfers, according to a study published in the British Journal of Sports Medicine.
Former Australia international James Mason has left Catalans Dragons after failing to recover from injury.
(Close): Shares in Burberry helped to lift the FTSE 100 to a fresh record high, but mining shares fell.
Muslim Match, an online dating site for Muslims, has said it is "reviewing its systems" after details of more than 100,000 members were leaked online.
The US has imposed sanctions on Venezuela's vice-president, accusing him of being involved in drug trafficking.
A man has been injured after he was attacked by a man armed with a knife in north Belfast.
A novel set in the US during the Cold War has been published 30 years after it was first published.
Tanzania's President Jakaya Kikwete has sacked a minister for accepting a $1m (Â£700,000) donation from the United Nations.
She had come prepared to apologise, just as she had come to apologise to the people of the country.
US investment bank JP Morgan Chase is close to agreeing to pay a $13bn (Â£9bn) fine for its role in the financial crisis, according to reports.
Welsh cyclist Becky James has suffered "a few setbacks" in her recovery from a knee injury, according to her coach Mark Sutton.
South Korean team SKT has won the inaugural League of Legends (LoL) World Championship in Los Angeles.
Ethan Ebanks-Landell scored the only goal of the game as 10-man Sheffield United beat Bury at Bramall Lane.
A British soldier who was killed in Afghanistan has been treated for post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD).
All pictures are subject to copyright and may not be suitable for publication.
A third suspect has been charged in Belgium in connection with the Paris attacks, the federal prosecutor's office says.
Great Britain's James Guy and Rebecca Tutton won bronze medals at the European Swimming Championships in Budapest.
The Scottish government is prepared to consider offering loans to young crofters to help them get on to the housing ladder, Communities Secretary Lesley McLeod has said.
Salford Red Devils owner Marwan Koukash says he has not made his mind up to leave the club.
The pound has fallen more than 1% against the dollar after the UK's inflation rate fell to its lowest level in more than two years.
A collision between Earth and another planet in the Solar System could help explain how the planet acquired its key elements, scientists say.
Markets in Asia were mostly higher on Friday, following a positive lead from Wall Street, where shares closed higher.
The FBI has agreed to help police in the US look into the phone used by the San Bernardino killer, Syed Farook.
Ayr United have revealed the design for their new badge, which will replace the club's old crest.
A lorry driver has been taken to hospital after his vehicle crashed into a church in Cardiff.
A teenager from West Yorkshire is believed to have been one of the suicide bombers who carried out an attack in Iraq on Sunday.
Belfast Giants have announced that six players will remain with the Elite League club for the 2017-18 season.
A seven-year-old boy who died after being found with head injuries in his bedroom had told a classmate he was "going to skive for a very long time", an inquest has heard.
A Belfast man accused of encouraging support for the IRA has been granted a variation to his bail conditions.
A new £1m centre to improve the care of people with wounds in Wales has been set up by Cardiff University.
In the aftermath of the US missile strike on a Syrian government airfield on Thursday, President Donald Trump took to Twitter to criticise his predecessor's foreign policy.
Rangers' Phil Foderingham has spoken of the "disappointing" incident in which Celtic's Scott Sinclair was racially abused.
A doctor was called to Prince's home the day before he was found dead at Paisley Park, his lawyer has said.
Twelve historic streets in Edinburgh's Old Town are to be restored as part of a £2.5m project.
Belgium has begun enforcing a law banning the wearing of full face veils in public places.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a woman was hit and killed by a car in West Yorkshire.
Former Ireland and British & Irish Lions captain Paul O'Connell has joined Munster as an academy coach.
Former Labour MP Bob Marshall-Andrews has joined the Liberal Democrats.
The cultivation of coca, the raw ingredient for cocaine, in Colombia has increased by more than 50% in the past year, according to a UN report.
It is not often you hear the words "Scotland winger" or "Nottingham Forest winger" being used in the same sentence.
Exeter Chiefs scrum-half Tom Chudley will miss Saturday's Pro12 game against Munster at Twickenham.
Olympic gold medallist Souleymane Cisse says he can't walk in the street without being recognised because he has become a national symbol.
Hundreds of Southern rail services have been suspended or reduced for a second day as a result of a strike by guards.
The bodies of six people have been found after an explosion at a shoe factory in northern Portugal, officials say.
"I have been smoking cannabis since I was 13," says Cristian, a 23-year-old student in Montevideo, Uruguay.
A novelty hat worn by Princess Anne has been sold at auction for £10,000, with the proceeds going to charity.
A major oil platform in the North Sea has been shut down after an oil leak was discovered.
Two British tourists have appeared in court in Abu Dhabi accused of spying on planes.
Hearts have sold Martin Johnsen to Dutch side ADO Den Haag for an undisclosed fee on a three-year deal.
Two 15-year-old boys have become the first members of a new Benedictine order in south Wales.
Manchester United's record against teams outside the top five in the Premier League was one of their strengths in the past.
When it comes to defence reviews, there is no such thing as a crystal ball for defence experts.
Wales' men missed out on promotion to the top tier of European hockey as they lost to Scotland in the EuroHockey Championships.
A 70-year-old man who died after being hit by a car in Monmouthshire has been named by police.
Exeter Chiefs head coach Rob Baxter has praised the progress made by fly-half Ben Woodburn since he joined the club in the summer.
Manchester City will face former Barcelona boss Pep Guardiola's Bayern Munich in the Champions League group stage.
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi has thanked the nation for its support for his surprise decision to ban high-denomination currency.
Images courtesy of AFP, EPA, Getty Images and Reuters.
England's Paul Casey carded a six-under-par 66 to take a one-shot lead into the final round of the Tour Championship in Dubai.
Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale has given her backing to Owen Smith in the party's leadership contest.
A Kent council has suspended all of its litter wardens after a BBC Panorama investigation revealed they were paid thousands of pounds for wrongly fining people.
The pound has risen slightly against the dollar after a closely-watched survey indicated a sharp rise in UK service sector activity in June.
More than 100 people have been arrested following two nights of rioting in London, police have said.
The number of people diagnosed with cancer in Wales has increased by more than 10% in the past decade, figures have shown.
When we were at the World Cup in 2006, we had a much easier route to the quarter-finals than we do now.
The judge leading the inquiry into undercover police operations in England and Wales has made a preliminary ruling that some individuals may not be allowed to give evidence.
Keighley Cougars have complained to the Rugby Football League (RFL) after one of their players was bitten on the face during their Challenge Cup win over Fryston.
Shirley Temple, known as "America's little darling", has died at the age of 88, her publicist says.
League One side MK Dons have signed Millwall midfielder Yann Kermorgant for an undisclosed fee on a two-year deal.
A Porto-based football player has been banned for four years for attacking a referee during a match in the city.
Sir Andrew Lloyd Webber is returning to the Royal Albert Hall for his 50th British Proms.
Police investigating the murder of a woman and the discovery of a man's body in a wheelie bin have named her as Samantha Winning.
A police force has been criticised for its handling of allegations of child abuse in Rotherham.
Southend United boss Phil Brown says he will appeal against the red card shown to one of his players in Saturday's 2-1 League One defeat at Gillingham.
First Minister Nicola Sturgeon has visited a primary school in the Scottish Borders as part of a drive to improve attainment.
At least 102 Hindu pilgrims have been killed in a stampede in the southern Indian state of Kerala, police say.
Cameroon midfielder Michael Assou-Ekotto has joined French Ligue 1 side St Etienne on a two-year deal.
Sudan's President Omar al-Bashir has reshuffled his cabinet, ousting Abdel Rahim Hussein as defence minister and replacing him with an aide.
South Africa's President Jacob Zuma has said he will pay back some of the money spent on upgrading his private home.
The body of a man whose body was found at the site of the Swansea Bay Power Station collapse has been removed from the site.
A Denbighshire chemistry teacher who sent "creepy" messages to two teenage girls has been sacked.
Lassie the golden eagle is on track for a hat-trick of chicks at the Loch of the Lowes, the Scottish Wildlife Trust has said.
A house in Cookstown, County Tyrone, has been destroyed in a suspected arson attack.
A Cornwall care home has been rated "inadequate" by the Care Quality Commission (CQC).
US President Donald Trump made a series of campaign pledges.
Police investigating the murder of a man in Dorset are searching a river in a bid to recover a firearm used in the attack.
A man has died after being stabbed outside a pub in north-west London.
Newport Gwent Dragons have been taken over by a US-based investment group, the club has confirmed.
A former care worker has been charged with a string of sex offences against children at a school in Sussex in the 1990s.
School and college leaders are to be offered free seminars to help them understand how to prevent young people being drawn into terrorism.
Theresa May has said North Korea's recent missile test was "outrageous" and "provocative".
Karen Gillan, who plays Nebula in the new Marvel film Guardians of the Galaxy, has died at the age of 35.
Manchester United are set to make their first summer signings after winning the Europa League.
A medieval bridge that was buried for more than 100 years has been uncovered and reopened.
The UK's hottest day of the year so far has been recorded in London, with temperatures reaching 31C (88F).
What was the motive of the German pilot, Andreas Lubitz, who killed himself and himself and then himself in the cockpit of a passenger plane?
Tommy Andrew scored a late try as Ulster beat Newport Gwent Dragons in their final game at Rodney Parade before the region's move to Scarlets.
Scientists believe they have found a clue to the asteroid that wiped out the dinosaurs in North America.
Wales "gets a rotten deal" from the European Union, UKIP leader Nigel Farage has said.
Glamorgan's Aneurin Donald and Dai Lloyd both made maiden first-class centuries in the first game of the season against Cambridge University at Cardiff.
Police investigating the death of a man who was found dead in a London subway have appealed for witnesses to come forward.
Well, the Kanneh-Mason family in the US state of New York are famous for their musical talent.
Singer-songwriter Anna Kendrick has been working on a new album for the past five months.
A school in Oxfordshire has been placed in special measures after being told by inspectors it was "inadequate".
The UK's three intelligence agencies are to increase the number of women they employ, the government has announced.
A lump of coal has been presented to the last remaining deep coal mine in South Yorkshire ahead of its closure on Monday.
Shrewsbury Town have signed Motherwell midfielder Alex Jules on loan until the end of the season from Reading.
The European Commission has ruled that Hutchison Whampoa's planned takeover of O2 will not be allowed.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at how Sudan's poetry scene is coping with government censorship.
Oldham Athletic boosted their League One survival hopes with victory over Peterborough United at Boundary Park.
Brazil's ex-President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva has been accused of involvement in a huge corruption scandal at the state oil company Petrobras.
The Sun is in the middle of its annual cycle of coronal mass ejections (CMEs) - huge eruptions of charged particles into space.
Leicester Tigers have signed England second-row Geoff Parling on a two-year deal and Bath wing Ben Woodburn on a season-long loan deal.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed lower, with mining and construction shares among the biggest fallers.
A charity auction for a lunch date with Apple chief executive Tim Cook raised just over $10,000 (Â£6,000) in its first day.
Guinea winger Bertrand Traore has been left out of the squad for the World Cup qualifier against Egypt in September.
Cape Verde and Zambia played out a goalless draw in a rain-affected Africa Cup of Nations qualifier in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
A Pembrokeshire village is looking for volunteers to help run the site.
Specialist suicide counsellors should be trained by councils to try to prevent people taking their own lives, the Samaritans has said.
Mercedes test driver Toto Wolff has been given a bigger role at Williams next season.
National League side Boreham Wood have re-signed Bristol Rovers striker Jordan Lucas on loan until the end of the season.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have visited the White Garden at their mother's former home to pay tribute to her.
At least 13 people have been killed and more than 100 injured in a van attack in the Spanish city of Barcelona, officials say.
A roundabout on the A55 and A483 in Chester has been delayed for a second time because of engineering work.
World number one Phil Taylor will face Dutchman Raymond van Barneveld in the final of the PDC World Darts Championship after beating Marco Huybrechts in London.
People in the UK are being invited to take part in a project that could unlock the secrets of 100,000 genomes.
Steven Crofts says his return to non-league side Priestfield for the rest of the season gives him a better chance of playing for Wales at Euro 2016.
Ben Stokes and James Taylor hit centuries as England recovered from 56-3 to end day one of their tour match against South Africa with a seven-wicket win in Durban.
The body of an RAF helicopter has been recovered from the summit of a Snowdonia peak after it crashed during a training exercise.
Scotland's Finance Secretary John Swinney has told MSPs that local authorities have been "over the top" about the impact of the local government settlement.
Hundreds of thousands of sheep have been sold at auction in the Highlands.
Thousands of people gathered outside the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida on Monday to watch the historic launch of the Falcon 9 rocket.
Two men have been arrested in Pakistan on suspicion of involvement in the murder of a prominent politician in London, officials say.
A heritage group has said it is "very concerned" about a dispute over access to a Sheffield World War Two memorial in France.
Boris Johnson's surprise announcement that he will vote for the UK to leave the European Union has been widely reported in France, Germany and other European countries.
Ulster eased to a bonus-point win over Treviso in their Pro12 opener at Kingspan Stadium.
BBC Sport's football expert Mark Lawrenson is pitting his wits against a different guest each week this season.
A woman has said she is "furious" after a company invited her for an interview only to describe her as a "home educated oddball" with "difficult to assess".
Actor Jim Broadbent has said his latest stage role as Ebenezer Scrooge in A Christmas Carol is "more relevant" to today than his previous work.
A growing number of women are turning to smartphone apps to track their menstrual cycle, the BBC has learned.
The sister of Oscar Pistorius has said she feels "heartache" for his family ahead of his sentencing for killing his girlfriend.
Salford Red Devils have released full-back Chris Chase, half-back Tom Paterson and captain Chris Hansen, but are close to agreeing a deal to sign France international Matty Fages.
Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal says the Europa League is his side's best chance of reaching the Champions League group stage.
Dame Judi Dench has pledged her support for the Surrey Wildlife Trust.
The Queen's portrait has been unveiled on the front of the new £1 coin.
Labour has said the Conservatives have made it harder for patients to see their GP by cutting out-of-hours appointments.
American Patrick Reed will play for the United States at the 2016 Ryder Cup at Gleneagles after winning the WGC-Dell Match Play in New York.
A police watchdog has backed the use of force by officers during the arrest of five men who tried to ram a police car outside a McDonald's in Carnoustie.
The number of motorcyclists killed in London has more than doubled in the past five years, according to Transport for London (TfL).
Manchester United midfielder David McNair has been named in the draw for the 2015 Milk Cup.
Patients were left waiting for up to an hour in an A&E unit while ambulances waited outside, inspectors have found.
Chelsea midfielder Kenneth Omeruo has joined Turkish Super Lig side Kasimpasa on a season-long loan.
A 26-year-old man accused of carrying out a deadly attack at an airport in Florida has appeared in court for the first time.
A man accused of plotting to rape a baby has told the Old Bailey he did not think it would happen.
New Zealand has become the first country to get a Marine Protected Area (MPA) in international waters.
A record number of people have turned on the street lights in Leicester for the Hindu festival of Diwali.
US best-selling author Judy Collins has died at the age of 83, her family has said in a statement.
A 70-year-old Japanese woman accused of poisoning her husband and four other men with cyanide has told a court she will "laugh it off and die" if she is sentenced to death.
A fish that escaped from a shopping centre and ended up in a car wash has been found.
West Indies head coach Phil Simmons has been reinstated after being suspended for criticising the selection of two of his players.
A man who spent more than two years on the run after being recalled to prison has been arrested.
Strictly Come Dancing pair Steve Backshall and Ola O'Donovan have spoken for the first time about claims that they were bullied on the show.
A new comedy-drama about a man's battle with depression will be shot in south Wales.
Bristol City manager Lee Sturrock says he has to "battle through" the next two games with his injury crisis.
SpaceX chief executive Elon Musk has said that the rocket that exploded at Florida's Cape Canaveral Air Force Station last week was a "complete failure".
A woman has been airlifted to hospital after falling from a cliff in Dorset.
A Met Police sergeant and a constable have been ordered to pay more than £20,000 in damages to two teenagers who were wrongly arrested.
The South African government has granted Zimbabwe's First Lady Grace Mugabe immunity from prosecution over an alleged assault in South Africa.
A Russian court has sentenced three teenagers to jail for performing an "erotic and sexual twerk dance" at the site of the Battle of Stalingrad.
League One side Ipswich Town have signed Portsmouth midfielder Charlie Webster for an undisclosed fee and Middlesbrough defender Callum Clarke for a fee believed to be about £1m.
Premier League clubs are entering a "new era of sustained profitability", according to business consultancy Deloitte.
Jags manager Alan Archibald has defended the standard of coaching in Scotland, saying many of the world's top managers have come to Scotland to work.
Commonwealth Games silver medallist Maxine Peake is aiming to set a new Welsh record when she competes in the 4.50m event in Cardiff on Saturday.
In the aftermath of the Peshawar school massacre, questions are being asked about who carried out the attack and why.
Old Mutual has announced plans to spin off four of its business units into separate companies.
Preston North End have agreed a pre-contract deal with former Morecambe midfielder Alex Barkhuizen.
Ten Chinese cities have been issued with "red alert" pollution alerts, the environmental ministry has said.
A so-called "morality police" is a police force set up by the Islamic Republic of Iran to enforce its strict interpretation of Islamic law.
Wakefield secured a place in the Challenge Cup semi-finals for the second year in a row by beating Huddersfield Giants.
A car has ended up on top of another vehicle in a marked parking bay at a car park on the outskirts of Aberdeen.
Ralph Fiennes and Andy Serkis were among the winners at this year's Empire Awards, which honoured the year's best films.
At the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA), oil and gas engineer Omer Barak is used to dealing with the most difficult of oil fields.
An Asda supermarket in Manchester is experimenting with a "quiet hour" for customers with autism.
At the height of the Lebanese civil war in 2003, David Barrett was working as an orphanage worker in the capital, Beirut.
An artificial intelligence (AI) system owned by Google has become the best in the world at playing games.
Aston Villa have completed the £52m takeover of the Championship club by Chinese businessman Dr Tony Xia.
A senior French general has said the country was warned of a possible attack on the Rio Olympics in August, but Brazil was not.
Robbie Swanson has left St Johnstone to join Hibernian on a two-year deal.
The European Union is trying to find a solution to the migrant crisis, which has seen more than a million people arrive in the EU in the past year.
Japanese carmaker Mazda has announced the world's first commercial petrol engine to use a new technology that ignites spontaneously.
A man has been found guilty of throwing a punch at Crystal Palace's eagle mascot at a FA Cup match.
Guatemala's former army chief, Efrain Rios Montt, has been declared mentally incompetent by a court.
Pokemon Go fans have been warned not to use a hospital's accident and emergency unit to play the game.
Newcastle Falcons have signed former Leicester Tigers and Toulouse fly-half Toby Flood.
Nadia is one of the UK's rising stars in hip-hop.
Bury twice came from behind to beat 10-man Millwall and extend their unbeaten League One run to seven games.
China's Shenzhou-9 spacecraft has successfully docked with the Tiangong-1 space station after a six-day mission.
The chairman of a group which restored Cardigan Castle has resigned to protect his family from "virtual persecution".
A German police officer has been killed in a shootout with an extreme right-wing gunman, officials say.
England head coach Eddie Jones says Ireland fly-half Johnny Sexton will be targeted by his side in Saturday's Six Nations match.
Johnston Press has reported a rise in annual profits, despite a fall in revenues.
The chief executive of one of David Cameron's flagship free schools in Bristol has resigned after an Ofsted report said it was "inadequate".
A campaign to raise £100,000 to pay for lawyers to analyse the Chilcot report into the Iraq War has reached its target.
China's Ma Qingjian won the men's singles title at the Rio Olympics with a 4-1 victory over defending champion Zhang Ze.
An Australian woman who suffered severe burns in a bushfire has completed her first Ironman triathlon in Hawaii.
When Philips was one of the biggest players in the home entertainment industry, it had a big presence in the US, Canada, and Europe.
The instrument that will be part of the James Webb Space Telescope has passed its final safety tests.
Western Sahara has welcomed Morocco's return to the African Union (AU) after more than 20 years.
Actor Johnny Depp and his wife, actress Amber Heard, have filed for divorce, according to court papers.
Nigeria's failure to qualify for the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations is the latest in a series of setbacks for the country's national football team.
Police have said there were "no policing issues" during the annual Guid Nychburris celebrations in Dumfries.
More than 1.7 million people have taken part in the SNP's survey on Scottish independence, Nicola Sturgeon has said.
The mother of a five-year-old girl with leukaemia has called for more blood donors to help save lives.
Comedian Caroline Mackichan has called for an end to violence against women in films and television.
A shopping centre in east London that was at the centre of a multi-million pound loan default has been sold for an undisclosed sum.
A controversial new law in Angola that would have made it a crime to criticise the government online has been dropped.
Hungary is one of the largest countries in Europe, with a population of more than three million.
A woman's hair was set alight in a suspected arson attack at a McDonald's restaurant, police have said.
Uganda's President Yoweri Museveni has said he will not sign into law a controversial bill banning gay sex.
The studio behind the upcoming film Gods of Egypt has apologised for failing to reflect the diversity of the time period.
Wales have reached the quarter-finals of Euro 2016 for only the second time in their history.
A second teenager has been charged in connection with an attack on a pregnant woman in south-east London.
Oscar-winning actress Emma Watson has joined the cast of Disney's live-action remake of Beauty and the Beast.
Warrenpoint Town will look to extend their unbeaten run in the Irish Premiership when they host Dungannon Swifts on Monday night.
Broadband penetration in Wales is not at the level it should be, according to one of the world's leading technology experts.
The parents of a woman who was stabbed to death in Italy have called for a meeting with the Italian government over the case.
UK industrial output fell for the second month in a row in February, official figures have shown.
Young people in Northern Ireland say they are frustrated by the lack of jobs available to them.
Swansea City midfielder Reece Grimes has signed a new one-year contract with the Premier League club.
A man has been charged with using a drone to smuggle drugs and mobile phones into a prison.
Gusts of up to 70mph are expected to hit parts of Wales on Tuesday, the Met Office has warned.
Indian author Pankaj Ghosh has been giving social media users a tour of the official residence of Indian President Pranab Mukherjee.
The risk of a repeat of last year's flood which caused a bridge to collapse remains high, a report has said.
Ipswich Town have signed Bristol Rovers striker Ryan Moore and ex-MK Dons defender Lee Spence for undisclosed fees.
Worcestershire made a solid start to their reply to Glamorgan's first-innings total on day one at Chelmsford.
Iceland beat the Netherlands 2-0 to make it two wins from two in their Euro 2016 qualifying campaign.
The remains of Kevin McKee, one of the Disappeared, have been formally identified as those of Seamus Wright.
Olympic gold medallist Jo Adlington has opened a new £1.5m swimming and diving centre in Wirral.
Stoke-on-Trent City Council has announced plans to build up to 200 homes on the site of the city's former football ground.
US department stores Macy's and Kohl's have reported a sharp fall in sales, sending shares in both down sharply.
A TV signal-based radar system has been trialled by the National Air Traffic Service (Nats) in the UK.
The Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC) is investigating more than 100 cases of alleged police misconduct over child sexual abuse in England and Wales.
Charlton Athletic have re-signed striker Yann Kermorgant on loan from Ajax until the end of the season.
Scientists in France and the UK say they have identified a gene which may be responsible for male infertility.
Northern Ireland's Deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness has been taken off a trade mission to the United States.
Bats are soiling an ancient church in North Yorkshire with their urine and faeces, it has been claimed.
France's far-right youth movement is to be dissolved after a student was killed in a clash with anti-fascist protesters in Paris.
Britain's Tony Bellew has ruled out a world title fight with Anthony Joshua, saying he is "far too good".
Welsh rugby player Ryan Watkins has been banned by UK Anti-Doping (UKAD) after testing positive for two banned substances.
World number one Angelique Kerber survived a scare from Italian qualifier Gabriella Falconi to reach the second round of Wimbledon.
The number of people renting property in the UK is set to more than treble in the next decade, according to surveyors.
West Ham eased into the second round of the EFL Cup with a comfortable win at Cheltenham.
Morton manager Jim Duffy believes his side can cause a "monumental upset" if they beat Rangers at Ibrox on Saturday.
Two men have been charged with rape and sexual assault after an alleged attack in Sunderland in January.
Plans to use old Snowdonia quarries to store water to generate electricity have been approved by the Welsh government.
Dover Athletic defender Sean Raggett is sent off for a foul on Macclesfield midfielder Reece Styche.
Wales won the European Championship for the first time in their history with a 2-0 victory over England in Cardiff in 1986.
Stephen Hawking has joined a judging panel for a science experiment competition run by the science website, The Next Space.
Police are investigating a serious arson attack on a car in West Lothian.
A man with a serious bowel disease has called for councils to be forced to provide adequate public toilets under new plans.
British Airways cabin crew have rejected a new pay offer from the union Unite, paving the way for a 24-hour strike on Monday.
The father of the suicide bomber who killed dozens of people in the Turkish capital Ankara last week has told police that his son carried out the attack, officials say.
Plans to build a hydro power station near Conwy Falls have been refused by Natural Resources Wales.
An 83-year-old man has denied causing the death of a teenager when he reversed over her at a Renfrewshire petrol station.
Labour's smoking ban has "destroyed more communities" than the closure of pits, a former Labour MP has claimed.
A life-size statue of Frank Sidebottom has been unveiled in the Derbyshire village of Timperley.
The government has been accused of "misleading" fire service staff ahead of a 24-hour strike over pensions.
At least six people have been killed in clashes between rival forces in the Libyan city of Benghazi, officials say.
A man accused of defrauding insurance companies out of more than £144,000 claimed he was injured in a car crash, a court has heard.
It's been a great week at Wimbledon and I'm really looking forward to the rest of the tournament.
A 17th Century hand-written manuscript has been revealed in a special episode of the BBC's Antiques Roadshow.
European aerospace giant Airbus has announced plans to build the world’s largest constellation of satellites.
A three-year-old girl who went missing from her home in Pembrokeshire has been found safe and well.
Oscar Pistorius' conviction for murder has been changed to manslaughter by South Africa's highest court.
A Japanese court has given the go-ahead for the restart of two nuclear reactors, the first since the Fukushima disaster.
Aberdeen's first ever comedy festival is getting under way.
Former England and Crewe Alexandra footballer Lee Woodward has said he is still waiting for police to visit him to give a statement about being sexually abused.
More than 1,000 people have signed a petition calling for revenge porn victims to be given the right to anonymity.
The head of India's censor board has resigned after a controversial film was cleared for release in the country.
Do you ever wonder if your tennis player will ever grow out their hair?
Claudia Winkleman is to step down as host of the BBC's film show Claudia on Film, the corporation has announced.
More than a third of rail passengers are paying too much for their tickets, according to research by the rail regulator.
University staff in Wrexham and Cardiff have taken part in a strike in a dispute over pay.
It's that time of year again when retailers are trying to make the most of their Christmas adverts.
Scottish energy firm Aggreko has agreed to buy US-based Dryco, which specialises in HVAC and moisture control solutions.
Former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi has said Donald Trump's victory in the US presidential election shows there are "obvious similarities" between them.
Nine men have been cautioned for publishing the name of a woman who was raped by footballer Ched Evans in 2012.
Chris Holroyd scored twice as Macclesfield came from behind to beat Dover at Moss Rose.
Rolling Stones guitarist Keith Richards has confirmed the band are planning a tour to mark their 50th anniversary.
British number one Johanna Konta says she has "a lot to improve on" after losing in the first round of the US Open to Ana Konjuh.
Barnsley missed the chance to move into the Championship play-off places as they were held to a goalless draw by Preston.
A US basketball player has been suspended for life in South Korea after allegedly fabricating her birth certificate to show she had a South Korean grandmother.
The government has announced details of a new childcare voucher scheme for working parents in England and Wales.
The site of the 2017 National Eisteddfod in Ceredigion is to be revealed.
Leigh Centurions head coach Paul Rowley has resigned after two years in charge.
A Finnish woman who has been selected to receive a basic income of €560 (£490; $600) a month has told the BBC of her delight at being chosen for the experiment.
Mount Etna, one of the world's most active volcanoes, has erupted for the first time in more than a decade.
Scotland scrum-half Greig Pyrgos says he is relishing the opportunity to captain his country at the World Cup.
A BBC team has been embedded with Iraqi forces fighting so-called Islamic State (IS) in the northern city of Mosul.
US President Barack Obama and his Philippine counterpart Rodrigo Duterte have met for the first time since the latter's foul-mouthed tirade against him.
Taylor Swift has admitted she thought she was looking at a lookalike of her on social media.
The Dow Jones and S&P 500 closed at record highs on Monday, despite falls in shares of technology and media companies.
A lot of people watch football matches on TV and want to know what happened at what time of the game.
A human foot has been found in a Bristol park, police have said.
Plans to demolish four buildings and build a hotel have been approved by Dorset County Council.
Pakistan's Supreme Court has postponed the hearing of an appeal against the death sentence of a Christian woman convicted of blasphemy.
The waiting time for mental health treatment in Wales is to be cut in half, the Welsh government has announced.
An Australian rugby league player has been charged with cocaine trafficking offences in Queensland.
Former England cricketer and convicted drug smuggler Gareth Lewis is on a tour of England's top counties with the aim of helping young players.
Kilmarnock's lead at the top of the Scottish Premiership was cut to two points as they were beaten by Partick Thistle at Rugby Park.
Leinster moved to within a point of Pro12 leaders Scarlets with a hard-fought victory over Connacht at the RDS.
Mamelodi Sundowns coach Pitso Mosimane says his team will have to fight for their place in the second round of the African Champions League after losing 2-1 to KCCA in South Africa.
A Cornish mine used in the BBC drama Poldark is to undergo a £1.5m revamp.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has accused Texas Senator Ted Cruz of "stealing" the Iowa caucuses.
Jazz Carlin says she has been working with a sports psychologist after winning her second Olympic medal at Rio 2016.
Gareth Southgate has been appointed England manager on a two-and-a-half-year deal after leading the national team to a draw in Slovenia.
The election of a new prime minister was a blow to impressionists, who had been counting the days until their turn to do the job.
An unpublished letter written by DH Lewis to his wife has sold at auction for £3,000.
Loganair has carried out the first stage of a £15m upgrade of its fleet of aircraft.
Police are searching for a four-year-old girl who went missing after being taken to hospital by her family, who told staff she was from Kuwait.
Volkswagen has delayed the release of its full-year results and shareholders' meeting because of the emissions scandal.
Tens of thousands of people have gone on strike in the Indian state of West Bengal to protest against the government's handling of the Darjeeling unrest.
Norwich City midfielder Alex Tettey says his goal against Southampton on Saturday was like a "Yaya Toure" strike.
Great Britain's women secured their first medal of the World League Final with a 4-3 victory over New Zealand.
Mohamed El Amrani has resigned as secretary general of the Confederation of African Football (Caf), just days after the body's former president Issa Hayatou was ousted.
Police have appealed for help in tracing a man who has gone missing from a Cardiff hospital.
Batsman Steve Smith has been named as Australia's Test captain following Michael Clarke's retirement following the Ashes defeat by England.
Partick Thistle's Steven Lawless has signed a new two-year contract with the club.
A man who was found "lying in the road, under the influence" with his trousers down has been jailed for six months.
Championship side Leicester City have signed Birmingham City midfielder Alex Hector on a season-long loan deal.
Yorkshire should have its own "White Rose Parliament", former cabinet minister David Blunkett has said.
Gateshead and Guiseley played out a goalless draw at the International Stadium.
Preston North End have signed Aston Villa midfielder Callum Robinson and Fulham midfielder Luke Pringle on two-year deals.
Glasgow City Council has said it will take a "full debrief" with police and the organisers of the Orange Order's annual parade after a song was sung.
UK scientists are to carry out pioneering experiments on human embryos, the fertility regulator has announced.
Australia beat India by eight wickets in the fourth one-day international in Melbourne to take a 4-0 lead in the series.
Two men have been charged in connection with an attempted robbery in Londonderry.
Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt and his team have had a tough few weeks in the job.
The former Archbishop of Dublin, Father John D'Arcy, has said he would find it hard to continue as leader of the Irish Catholic Church if Cardinal Sean Brady were to step down.
The families of two men who died in a crash in Nottinghamshire have paid tribute to them.
Army bomb disposal officers have carried out an examination of a "suspicious vehicle" on the outskirts of Glasgow.
The number of people out of work in the UK rose by 28,000 in the three months to June, the Office for National Statistics (ONS) has said.
Unilever, the world's biggest household goods maker, has reported a fall in sales for 2014, compared with the previous year.
Kurdish authorities in Iraq say they have evidence that Islamic State (IS) militants used mustard gas on Kurdish peshmerga fighters last week.
A man has been rescued after his car plunged into a reservoir following a police chase.
People in England can now check on the quality of care they receive from independent care homes on a government website.
An artificial intelligence program is to be used to make investment decisions for a pharmaceutical company.
A US jury has awarded talcum powder maker Johnson & Johnson (J&J) $417m (Â£331m) in damages in a case brought by the family of a woman who died of cancer.
France's Pierre Rolland won stage seven of the Giro d'Italia as his Cannondale team-mate Rui Costa finished second.
Wycombe's slim League Two play-off hopes suffered a blow as they were held to a draw at Morecambe.
An 86-year-old woman hit a would-be thief over the head with a bacon slice as she tried to rob a supermarket in Greater Manchester.
The All-Ireland club hurling final will be live on the BBC Sport website and BBC Radio Ulster 1341MW from Thursday 17 March.
The parents of a two-year-old girl found dead on a bus have denied her murder.
Danish shipping giant Maersk has said it is "pleased" to learn that the crew of a container ship seized in Iran are safe and well.
PedroPedro suffered a broken nose in Chelsea's pre-season friendly against China on Saturday.
Three people have been remanded in custody charged with terrorism offences.
Labour has retained the Cardiff South seat in the general election, the party has said.
A protest march has taken place against plans to build a wind farm in Lincolnshire.
World leaders have begun signing the Paris climate agreement, despite the absence of US President Barack Obama.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after the body of his wife was found at a house in Somerset.
Angelina Jolie's decision to have a double mastectomy may have boosted the number of women seeking help for hereditary breast cancer, say researchers.
The number of people waiting up to a year for a consultant-led appointment at the Ulster Hospital is the highest in any health trust in Northern Ireland, figures show.
A man in his 50s has been injured after a firework exploded in his face in north Belfast.
Theresa Stevenson moved from London to Ibiza three years ago because of the weather.
Dozens of bottles of detergent known as "Vanish" have washed up on the Cornish coast.
Yeovil Town Ladies striker Sarah Heatherson has signed a new one-year contract with the Women's Super League One club.
A Northern Ireland football fan has denied taking part in a racist chant during a match between Chelsea and Manchester United.
The mayor of a Cheshire council has resigned over claims he "misled" councillors over his links to a fitness company.
Shares in oil and gas explorer Premier Oil have jumped by more than 90% after the company said its deal to buy rival E.On's UK assets had been amended.
Derry City came from behind to beat Bohemians 2-1 at the Brandywell and move up to third in the Premier Division.
A woman in the US state of Michigan has been charged with attempted murder after she allegedly shot at the tyres of a stolen car.
Matt Marriott scored a hat-trick as Peterborough eased to victory at Bristol Rovers in League One.
A Pembrokeshire bus company has gone into administration, BBC Wales has learned.
Dundee have signed former Real Sociedad midfielder Ruben Etxabeguren on a one-year contract.
India's capital, Delhi, has been enveloped in a thick smog for the second day in a row after a huge firework display.
Jose Fernandez, the pitcher who has died at the age of 26, was born in Havana to a Cuban father and an American mother.
At least 20 people have been killed in clashes between tribesmen and Islamic State (IS) militants in the Iraqi city of Fallujah, officials say.
An investigation is under way into a near-miss between a plane and four jets on a taxiway at New York's John F Kennedy airport.
Three Rotherham brothers who sexually abused girls as young as 12 have been jailed for a total of 27 years.
The House of Lords has warned that the UK's fishing communities could be "marginalised" if the government fails to secure a free trade deal with the EU.
David Cameron asked Angela Merkel to make a joint statement with other EU leaders granting the UK concessions on free movement, Newsnight has learned.
In the aftermath of the Westminster terror attack, BBC London's home affairs correspondent Nick Beake answers your questions about security in London.
Arsenal have agreed a deal to sign Legia Warsaw midfielder Krystian Bielik for an undisclosed fee on a three-year deal.
Rescue workers in Colombia are continuing to dig out bodies from the mud following a landslide in the south-east of the country.
A 19-year-old man has been arrested as part of the investigation into the London Bridge terror attack, police have said.
Spanish football federation president Angel Maria Villar has resigned from European football's governing body, Uefa, following his arrest on corruption charges.
Plans to ban circuses from using wild animals in Scotland could have a "massive" impact on animal displays in shopping centres and zoos, it has been claimed.
A man who stabbed a fellow patient to death at a mental health unit has been jailed for a minimum of 25 years.
German prosecutors say they have arrested a man suspected of being part of a group that killed government employees in Syria.
Ross Wallace scored the only goal of the game as Sheffield Wednesday beat 10-man Huddersfield Town to boost their Championship play-off hopes.
A chemical normally used in the petrol industry has been linked to the high rupture rate of breast implants made by a French company, according to a French TV report.
Welsh Labour is "fighting for Wales in Westminster and taking on the Tories' appalling treatment of our nation", the party's leader in Wales has told its conference.
Portugal has won the Eurovision Song Contest for the first time in its history, ending a 22-year wait for a top-10 finish.
Four Gloucestershire councillors fell asleep during a debate on children's services, it has emerged.
Northern Ireland's Paul Dunne lost out to Italy's Francesco Molinari in a play-off at the Italian Open.
A record number of migrating godwits have been spotted on the Isle of Tiree.
China's state-run newspapers have warned the US not to send a "clear signal" by blocking access to disputed islands.
The search for a large cat that sparked a major alert in France on Thursday has been scaled back, officials say.
Six people have been arrested in the UK as part of an international investigation into cyber-espionage.
The head of Fifa's audit and compliance committee has ruled himself out of the running to chair a new taskforce to investigate corruption in football.
A first-time author has won the Waterstones Children's Book of the Year award for the second year in a row, following the success of the film of It.
Staff at Eastbourne's Conquest Hospital have said they are "devastated" by plans to downgrade some services.
Guinea has become the first country in the world to be declared free of the deadly Ebola virus.
MPs are to debate whether US presidential hopeful Donald Trump should be banned from entering the UK.
A 17th Century oil painting of Christ carrying the cross has been saved after a fundraising campaign raised more than £1m.
Bolton Wanderers chairman Phil Gartside has died at the age of 72.
A pilot has been taken to hospital after his light aircraft crashed into a bungalow in Lincolnshire.
Leeds United boss Martin McCall has hit out at Millwall after a pitch invasion at the end of their League One play-off final.
Holyrood's finance committee has been given more time to consider the Scottish government's fiscal framework deal with the UK government.
A Palestinian court has halted parliamentary elections due to take place in the West Bank next month.
Nigeria's former National Security Adviser, Sambo Dasuki, has been arrested in connection with an alleged $2bn (£1.6bn) arms deal, officials say.
Georgia head coach Alexander Haig has called for the Six Nations to be expanded to eight teams, saying his side are "outgrown" the current competition.
A woman who died after being hit by a car in South Lanarkshire has been named by police.
Nigeria's leading Hausa actress has been banned from the film industry after appearing to hold hands with a pop star in a video.
House prices have risen faster in England than in Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland, official figures have shown.
Former Israeli President Shimon Peres has died at the age of 93, his family says.
A project to celebrate the life and work of one of Scotland's most famous poets is to be launched.
In the dusty streets of Timbuktu, in northern Mali, a group of young men are enjoying the freedom that was once denied to them.
A Merthyr Tydfil police officer has been cleared of assaulting a man in the street.
A prison dog has been withdrawn from service after a six-year-old girl was bitten on the face during a drugs test.
It may look like a picture from a sci-fi film, but this is not a Hollywood film.
Police Scotland has been accused of failing to record the number of cases of child sexual exploitation in Scotland.
A man who became famous for his collection of Marilyn Monroe and Winston Churchill memorabilia has died.
The government's counter-terrorism strategy has become a "toxic brand" for Muslims, a former senior police officer has said.
Great Britain's men's and women's handball teams have missed out on a place at the Rio Olympics after losing their opening three matches at the European Championships.
Shares in Japanese carmaker Mitsubishi Motors ended the week down more than 6% after the company admitted falsifying fuel economy data.
The UK has returned to Libya for the first time since the country's civil war broke out in 2011.
George Clooney has been given the go-ahead to install CCTV cameras in the grounds of his Oxfordshire home.
On 8 May, the UK will go to the polls to elect a new government, and we're bringing you all the latest news, analysis and opinion from the political parties.
The chief constable of the Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) has said an exit from the European Union would make policing "more complicated and more costly".
Nigeria coach Stephen Keshi has signed a two-year contract with the Super Eagles, his second spell in charge.
England were beaten by South Africa by eight wickets in their final Twenty20 international before the World Twenty20.
Lille midfielder Souleymane Bissouma has signed a new two-year contract with the Ligue 1 club.
Thousands of people have gathered in Leicester to celebrate the Hindu festival of Diwali.
South Africa's Bloemfontein anti-doping laboratory has been suspended by the World Anti-Doping Agency (Wada).
A lifeboat volunteer has been asked to stand down by the RNLI following claims of bullying.
Virat Kohli's Indian Premier League side will face a stern test in Sunday's Champions Trophy final at the Waca in London.
A vicar accused of indecently assaulting a teenage girl will not face charges, prosecutors have said.
Talks aimed at averting further strikes in the North Sea are to resume next week, it has been announced.
Essex's batsmen struggled on day two against Gloucestershire at Chelmsford.
A man who posed as a Polish national to dupe a taxi driver into handing over cash has admitted carrying out the robbery.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has nominated the woman who led an inquiry into claims of anti-Semitism in the party for a knighthood.
When I arrived at the Satoshi Nakamoto conference in London last week, I was a little surprised to find myself in a room full of people who had no idea who I was.
A 17-year-old boy has been charged with causing death by dangerous driving after a man was hit and killed by a car in Manchester.
A consultation into the future of maternity services in Wrexham and Bangor has begun.
A hacking group based in North Korea is believed to have been behind the global ransomware attack in May, UK officials have said.
Powys council is to take on the role of the former Office of Fair Trading (OFT) in Powys.
You might think a couple who got engaged while on the sofa watching EastEnders would have a lot to live up to.
Human Rights Watch says it has found new evidence to back up allegations that Syrian government forces tortured and killed more than 1,000 people.
The Northern Ireland Secretary has been criticised for not taking his seat when the Irish national anthem was played at the McKenna Cup final in Armagh.
The Confederation of African Football (Caf) says it is investigating an incident in which a club official appeared to strike the head of Tunisian referee Georges Otogo-Castane.
It is a simple sign, hanging from a pole in the middle of a field.
Journalist Gaia Shafik has won the Royal Society Winton Prize for her book about the impact humans are having on the Earth.
Thai police have used tear gas and water cannon to disperse thousands of anti-government protesters who have blocked roads in the capital, Bangkok.
A man has been charged with attempted murder after a 90-year-old woman was allegedly run over by her own car.
The Scottish government will not be given powers to cut Air Passenger Duty (APD) for direct long-haul flights from Scottish airports.
Wales head coach Robin McBryde will take charge of the national team for the 2017 summer tour of New Zealand.
The Islamic State (IS) group has released images of what appears to be the remains of an ancient Assyrian monastery in Iraq.
Veterans of the Falklands War and Gulf War are not at greater risk of suicide than non-veterans, according to a new study.
More than 1.2 million people in England are not getting the care they need, a charity has warned.
England one-day captain Eoin Morgan is a "world-class player" despite criticism from Geoffrey Boycott, says James Anderson.
A 19th Century mansion that inspired the Peter Pan books is to be turned into a national centre for children's literature.
Mae Gogledd Cymru wedi cyrraedd y pedwerydd safle ar y 10 uchaf ar draws y byd, gyda Choquequirao ym Mheriw ar y brig.
The Liberal Democrats, UKIP and Green Party have claimed the NHS is being "creeping privatised".
Pharmaceutical giant GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) has been fined by the UK's competition watchdog after it was found to have made illegal payments to competitors.
The founder of Italian football club AC Milan should be honoured in his home city of Nottingham, a writer has said.
A case of bird flu has been found at a farm in Lancashire, the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs has said.
Two men have been airlifted to hospital after being hit by a van in Devon.
A US Secret Service agent has been sacked after a gun was found in a lift used by President Barack Obama, US media report.
Mae'r Eisteddfod Genedlaethol wedi cael ei defnyddio i reoli traffig yn ystod yr wythnos yn ei garej Bryn Eira ddydd Sadwrn.
The former leader of Myanmar's main opposition party, Shwe Mann, has met the country's opposition leader, Aung San Suu Kyi.
An anti-hunting campaign group has called for "stronger sentencing" after the Crown Prosecution Service said there was "no realistic prospect" of a conviction over a hunt.
John Boehner, the US House of Representatives speaker who has been known to cry at events, has announced he will step down from Congress at the end of October.
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit to Silicon Valley is the latest in a series of high-profile visits to the US in recent years.
The chairman of Sports Direct, Mike Hellawell, has said the company's reputation has been damaged by "extreme political, union and media campaign".
Two Canadians have been detained by Chinese authorities in Beijing, according to reports.
BBC Sport's football expert Mark Lawrenson is pitting his wits against a different guest each week this season.
The US has said it will support Libya's request to be allowed to export arms to fight so-called Islamic State (IS).
The former treasurer of Spain's governing Popular Party (PP) is due to be questioned by anti-corruption prosecutors over allegations of illegal donations.
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi and his Bangladeshi counterpart Sheikh Hasina have held talks in Dhaka, the first such meeting between the two leaders in more than a decade.
A former pub landlord has been jailed for sexually abusing a police officer in the 1970s and 1980s.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger says he is not interested in signing Zlatan Ibrahimovic.
Four British tourists who caused an earthquake in Malaysia after stripping on a mountain have been released from jail.
Finding Dory has held on to the number one spot in the UK and Ireland for a second week, as Suicide Squad continues to struggle at the top.
The number of babies born by Caesarean section in the UK is higher than in Cyprus and Sweden, according to a study.
The chief executive of a Cheshire council has been suspended following an investigation into allegations of gross misconduct.
Great Britain's bid to host the 2017 World Taekwondo Championships has been approved by the International Olympic Committee.
Atletico Madrid head coach Diego Simeone has signed a new three-year contract with the Spanish club.
Mae'r Cyngor Powys wedi dweud bod cwymp yn nifer y disgyblion oedd yn astudio drwy'r Gymraeg yn y blynyddoedd diwethaf.
Welshman Mark Williams will play in the first round of qualifying for the World Championship in April.
Three people have been charged after a protest against plans to expand Heathrow Airport.
Anthony Scaramucci, known as "The Mooch", has been sacked by President Donald Trump.
Charlton Athletic have released midfielder Nasser Ghoochannejhad and defender Thiago Motta.
A former Gloucestershire Police community support officer has been jailed for having sex with vulnerable women.
Fleetwood Mac are to headline this year's Isle of Wight Festival.
The lawyer for US intelligence leaker Edward Snowden has said he has not yet received travel documents for his client to leave Russia.
Norwich City assistant manager Steve Money has left the Championship club to take up the same role at Championship side Reading.
Russia's Defence Minister Sergei Shoigu has warned Israel that Moscow will not tolerate any Israeli incursions into Syria.
A kayaker is missing after his boat capsized on a river in Surrey.
A fountain in memory of the Czech and Slovak soldiers who carried out a daring World War Two air raid has been unveiled.
The organisers of a year-long cultural festival in Hull have said they have raised more than £25m.
South Yorkshire Police chief constable David Crompton has been suspended following the Hillsborough inquests.
Austria has said it will halve the number of migrants seeking asylum in the country.
Dutch investigators say they have found parts from a Buk missile system that could be linked to the downing of flight MH17 in eastern Ukraine.
A former youth worker accused of "grooming" children was allowed to apply for a job as a foster carer, it has been revealed.
A six-year-old girl with a rare form of leukaemia is set to have a bone marrow transplant after a pioneering treatment.
Fossils found in Canada have shed light on the early history of the Scots Pine, scientists say.
Plans for a £22m beach defence in Essex have been defended by the county council's chief executive.
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte is back in charge of the Premier League champions - but how does he balance the theatre with the business of running a club?
Olympic silver medallist Jack Burnell won the men's 100m backstroke at the London Anniversary Games.
The Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) and the Social Democratic and Labour Party (SDLP) have agreed to form an opposition in the Northern Ireland Assembly.
Plymouth Argyle have signed Sunderland midfielder Callum Nelson and Hartlepool striker Ryan Rooney on loan.
Aston Villa have been fined £50,000 by the Football Association for failing to control their players during Saturday's game at Leicester City.
Three members of staff at a school where a pupil died after falling into a swimming pool have been arrested.
England have made one change to their side for Saturday's Six Nations match against Ireland, with Jess Croker coming into the starting line-up for the first time.
A 34-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the murder of a man in west Belfast on Thursday.
Nessie, the Loch Ness Monster, may have been mistaken for one of Marvel's Guardians of the Galaxy characters, it has been claimed.
Growth in the UK economy slowed in the second quarter of the year, official figures have shown.
A road in County Durham has been closed after a bridge was damaged by a falling tree.
Police in Mauritius have seized heroin with an estimated street value of more than $1m (Â£700,000) from the home of the country's top football goalkeeper, Thierry Leopold.
Nico Rosberg beat Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton to victory in the Chinese Grand Prix.
Artist Damien Hirst is to publish his autobiography, entitled The Colour in Everything, next year.
Aberdeen chairman David Milne has said the club will press ahead with plans for a new stadium in the Highlands.
Two dogs taken in by an animal sanctuary after their owner was killed in a crash in Snowdonia have found a new home.
A man has been charged with causing the death of a six-year-old girl by dangerous driving after a crash.
A 25-year-old man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a woman who died after being hit by a car.
Arsenal Ladies have signed Ivory Coast international midfielder Nkosi Nsiala on a two-year contract.
A fitness centre which closed last month is set to reopen in time for Easter.
Maurizio Cattelan has said he was "flattered" to work with Hollywood director Quentin Tarantino, despite previously criticising the director's work.
Nigeria's Isaac Dasaolu won the 100m at the Anniversary Games in London to book his place at the Rio Olympics.
More than a quarter of Australia's children are at risk of falling behind in school, according to new research.
A pharmaceutical firm is to invest £10m in a factory in Newcastle, creating up to 100 new jobs.
New Leicester Lions owner Steve Bates says he is already in talks with riders to form a team for the new season.
A man has died following an incident at an industrial estate in Derbyshire.
A woman charged with the murder of her two-year-old daughter has been remanded in custody at the Royal Victoria Hospital in Belfast.
Police have renewed their appeal for information a year after a 50-year-old man was murdered in a "ferocious attack".
Contractors who escorted deportees to their flight from the UK used racist language among themselves, a report by MPs has found.
A researcher in South Africa has said she has discovered a new way of understanding the genetic cause of breast cancer.
Patients with HIV should be offered antiretroviral drugs as soon as possible, the World Health Organization says.
Carrick Rangers have signed former Crusaders player David McAllister on a one-year deal.
Farmers in England will be able to manage their own drainage ditches from April, the government has announced.
An Englishman has been crowned Europe's Strongest Man for the second year running.
More than 5,000 people in the UK were conned out of their holiday money last year, according to figures from Action Fraud.
Ofsted inspectors have raised concerns about a number of private Muslim and Christian schools in England.
Worcestershire have re-signed Australia all-rounder Mitch Santner as their overseas player for the 2017 season.
West Ham have confirmed they are to take over the running of the club's women's team.
More needs to be done to encourage young people from poorer backgrounds to consider a career in the arts, a report commissioned by the Labour Party has said.
Southampton maintained their unbeaten start to the season as they beat Crystal Palace at St Mary's.
Former Al Ahli manager Dermot O'Leary has been awarded £500,000 in damages after his employment claim was rejected by Fifa.
Former News of the World editor Andy Coulson and ex-Sun editor Rebekah Brooks have appeared in court charged with conspiracy to unlawfully intercept communications.
Twenty-six Italian athletes have been charged with doping by the country's anti-doping agency.
A man who bombarded his ex-partner with abusive messages and set her car on fire has been jailed for 12 years.
A Mexican footballer who was kidnapped and beaten by his kidnapper made emergency calls to an emergency number, officials say.
Bournemouth ended a run of three straight Premier League defeats with a hard-fought victory over defending champions Leicester.
Uefa president Michel Platini has been suspended from all football-related activity by Fifa's ethics committee as part of an investigation into alleged corruption.
The airline Monarch is in talks with the UK's aviation regulator about its financial situation.
Plans to merge Cotswold with West Oxfordshire could lead to the "end of" Gloucestershire Police, the county's police and crime commissioner has said.
A council which warned it could go "bankrupt" two years ago has said it is now "realistically looking at the prospect of becoming insolvent".
Goldman Sachs will no longer conduct face-to-face interviews with students as part of its recruitment process.
Liverpool kept up the pressure on Premier League leaders Manchester City with a comfortable win at Leicester.
Gloucester will face Bath in the European Challenge Cup final after a hard-fought victory over La Rochelle in Paris.
A couple have become the first in New Zealand to marry under the Pastafarian religion, which believes the world was created by an airborne spaghetti and meatballs-based being.
The US Department of Justice (DOJ) has charged two members of Russia's FSB intelligence agency with hacking into Yahoo accounts.
The Football Supporters' Federation (FSF) has called for clubs to set up their own ticket exchange to stop fans being ripped off.
The chief executive of Ashley Madison has been named in the latest batch of emails to be released by hackers.
The population of Northern Ireland is expected to rise by more than 100,000 between now and mid-2034.
A last-gasp goal from Luke Thomas earned Swindon a vital victory over Millwall at the County Ground.
An appeal for information about the disappearance of a man whose car was found abandoned in a field has been taken up by a charity.
An accident involving a wind turbine and a lorry has been caught on camera in southern Scotland.
An artificial intelligence system that can identify skin cancer has been developed by US researchers.
Manchester United goalkeeper David De Gea will not play in the opening Premier League game of the season, says manager Louis van Gaal.
Former Manchester United and England footballer David Carlisle has been jailed for three months for drink-driving.
A major road in Somerset has reopened after being closed for more than a week due to flooding.
A baby golden eagle has been released back into the wild after being rescued from a Pembrokeshire field.
US talk show host Rosie O'Donnell has had a stent inserted after suffering a heart attack.
Hundreds of people have attended a memorial service in Portsmouth to mark VJ Day.
Tributes have been paid to a boxer who died after being hit by a punch during a fight.
Hundreds of people have attended funerals in the Brazilian town of Salgar, where dozens of people were killed in a landslide on Monday.
Venezuela and Cuba are in the midst of one of the worst economic crises in decades.
A light above the Houses of Parliament will be switched off for the first time in more than 100 years, the House of Commons has said.
Barcelona boss Luis Enrique says his side "deserved" to win the derby against Real Madrid, despite Luka Modric's late equaliser.
A huntsman has told a court he was present when a fox was deliberately shot by a hunt's hounds.
A fraudster who stole more than £100,000 from his employer and sold it on as a " philanthropic act" has been ordered to pay back £115,000.
Russia is not ruling out a ban on European wine and other European-made goods.
The family of a British man arrested in India have said they are "devastated" after the Supreme Court postponed their case.
The number of vacant nursing and midwifery posts in the Scottish NHS has risen by more than a third in the past year.
A man accused of murdering his six-year-old son punched his other son in the stomach, a court has heard.
A former Royal Navy diver who carried out a search for survivors of the sunken warship HMS Coventry has said he felt like he was "visiting a war grave" when he visited the wreck.
Two wave demonstration zones and a tidal site off the coast of Pembrokeshire have been granted to developers.
Jockey AP McCoy was honoured with a minute's applause as he finished his 20-year career on a high at Cheltenham.
A judge has rejected Jet2's bid to delay paying compensation to passengers who were delayed on flights.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has said allegations that the US spied on her phone are "grave" and called for an investigation.
Swansea City's Under-21s have won the EFL Trophy for the second year in a row after beating Reading in the final on Sunday.
Plans for a tunnel under Stonehenge should be considered by the government, an MP has said.
Shadow home secretary Andy Burnham has said he has an "outside but realistic chance" of winning the Labour leadership.
The chancellor has said the government will not cut the top rate of tax for those earning over £150,000.
The BBC has been given exclusive access to the Maungdaw border crossing between Myanmar and Bangladesh, where hundreds of thousands of Rohingya Muslims are living in squalor.
The inheritance tax (IHT) paid by people who pass on their wealth to their children and grandchildren is a relatively small part of the total tax bill.
Alliance Trust Savings has agreed a deal to sell its stock market trading platform to Brewers Dolphin.
The BBC is to launch new services in 10 languages as part of plans to double the size of the corporation's World Service.
A man has been found guilty of masterminding a £1m fraud involving a series of hit-and-run collisions involving buses.
A Canadian man has described the moment he was struck by lightning at his son-in-law's wedding.
Children who play with smartphones and tablets are less likely to sleep well at night, a study suggests.
Cornish Pirates have extended the contracts of fly-half Laurence Pope, scrum-half Jack May and centre Tom Moyle until the end of the season.
Two teenagers have been killed in a two-car crash in Cumbria.
More than half of councils in Wales are streaming their council meetings online, the Welsh Government has said.
Kurtley Beale scored a hat-trick of tries as Wasps eased to victory over Bath at Franklin's Gardens.
Ricky Gervais' wife Nikki has been talking to Newsround about how she stays safe on the internet.
A warrant has been issued for the arrest of footballer Robert Snodgrass on suspicion of dangerous driving.
An alleged al-Shabab suicide bomber has blown himself up on a Turkish Airlines flight to Djibouti, Somali officials say.
Mauricio Macri's first press conference as Argentina's new president was a rare opportunity for the country's media to ask him tough questions.
The mother of a man accused of murdering a pensioner has told a court she feared her son was involved in the killing.
A charity behind the restoration of a Grade II-listed pier which was destroyed in a fire is to sell shares in the building.
Microsoft has admitted that it searched a blogger's Hotmail account in order to find out the identity of a former employee.
Network Rail has told the Welsh Government it would take 28 years to clear all the leaves from its tracks, Transport Minister Ken Skates has been told.
A man has died in hospital following a crash in County Antrim.
A university in South Africa has voted to remove a statue of British imperialist Cecil Rhodes from its campus.
Newport County chief executive Gareth Davies has criticised Exiles boss Graham Westley for questioning the club's use of Rodney Parade.
Pupils in Wales have achieved a record number of A* to C grades in their GCSEs.
Donington Airport in Nottinghamshire has celebrated its 50th anniversary this year.
The UK's most wanted fugitives have been named by police in Spain as part of an international operation.
British number two Andy Murray's team-mate Matt Sears has been fined $10,000 (£7,500) by Wimbledon for swearing during the tournament.
Boat owners have been warned by Jersey's Environment Department about the dangers of disturbing seabirds on the island's coral reefs.
People in Wrexham are being asked to come up with a name for the new high-security prison in the city.
Forest Green Rovers have signed defender Mark Roberts from League Two rivals Cambridge United for an undisclosed fee.
The body of a man has been recovered from the River Tawe in Cumbria.
A three-month-old baby boy has died after being bitten by a dog in Gateshead.
A man has appeared in court accused of removing an electronic monitoring tag from his ankle by gnawing on it.
Sir Vince Cable has said Tata's management buyout of its UK operations sends the "right message" to the steel industry.
A man who uses a horse to pull his car through a McDonald's drive-thru has said he will stay on the car park until the issue is resolved.
Gary Neville's winless run in charge of Valencia stretched to eight games as Diego Sanabria's second-half penalty gave Levante victory at the Nou Camp.
A judge in Brazil has found a rancher guilty of the murder of a conservationist in a land dispute in the Amazon.
Low-fat diets are more effective than low-carb diets at losing fat, according to a study by scientists at the University of Oxford.
A prison criticised for high levels of violence and suicides has made "limited progress" in tackling problems, inspectors have said.
Olympic bronze medallist Laura Muir has been named in the Great Britain squad for the European Indoor Championships in Serbia.
The NHS in Wales will not be privatised if Labour wins the general election, the party has said.
Health boards across Scotland have been criticised for spending thousands of pounds on food and drink for patients.
Apple has cut its revenue outlook for the next three months after it reported a fall in sales of iPhones.
A British trader accused of causing a "flash crash" in the US stock market has pleaded not guilty in a London court.
Great Britain will play Argentina in the semi-finals of the Davis Cup at Wimbledon next month.
Australia's Foreign Minister Julie Bishop has been given a pat-down by an airport security officer, the foreign ministry has said.
A man has been taken to hospital following an explosion at an industrial estate in Edenderry, County Antrim.
A police officer who lied about his qualifications and made judgements in cases that were outside his remit has been cleared of any wrongdoing.
Somerset have re-signed South Africa all-rounder Riki van der Nerwe on a two-year deal.
More than 1,000 people have been ordered to leave their homes in California as a wildfire continues to burn out of control.
An Edinburgh-based gas compressor manufacturer has raised £3.5m in new funding.
Bank of Scotland has launched a new plastic version of its £5 note.
Middlesbrough missed the chance to go top of the Championship as they were held to a goalless draw at Ipswich Town.
When Dutee Chand arrived at the Commonwealth Games in Glasgow in 2014, she was one of the brightest stars of the sport in India.
Police in the Republic of Ireland have seized more than 160 kilos of cannabis with an estimated street value of about Â£1m.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has accused the European Union of being "crazy" over its approach to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.
A call to rename Cardiff International Airport in honour of the late Welsh poet Huw Stephens is to be considered by assembly members.
A man arrested on suspicion of murdering a woman whose body was found in a field in Hampshire has been released on bail.
The head of the International Cycling Union (UCI), Brian Cookson, has said he accepts responsibility for the "lack of governance" at British Cycling.
The BBC Scotland election debate will take place on Thursday, 7 May at 19:00 BST.
French Prime Minister Manuel Valls has accused the UK of being "anti-French" during a speech in London.
The cost of weddings and funerals in the Church of England is to rise for the first time, despite a warning that the move could hit poorer couples.
The bodies of two Royal Electrical and Mechanical Engineers (RFA) who died in World War One have been reinterred in Belgium.
Mae gan Gymru a rhannau eraill o'r DU wedi gwella cyfraddau goresgyn canser yn dangos unrhyw arwyddion neu symptomau brys.
Roedd Llywodraeth Cymru wedi dweud yn flaenorol y dylai'r sefydliadau datganoledig wrth adael yr Undeb Ewropeaidd.
The Ministry of Defence (MoD) has announced it will sell land at 13 military sites in England and Wales in a bid to build 12,500 new homes by 2020.
Ten-man Dagenham & Redbridge twice came from behind to draw with Wycombe Wanderers.
Dawid Malan hit a career-best 71 as England beat South Africa by eight wickets to complete a 3-0 Twenty20 series whitewash in Cape Town.
A chameleon has been put down after being found abandoned in a Cardiff park.
The organisers of this year's T in the Park music festival have announced a major revamp of the campsite.
A Chinese ship searching for the missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 has redetected a signal that was first detected on Friday, Australian officials say.
If you've ever struggled with depression, you'll know it can be tough to get through the day.
A look back at some of the top entertainment stories over the past 24 hours.
Tributes have been paid to a Wasps rugby coach who died in a car crash in Fife.
Liverpool have completed the signing of midfielder Jordan Henderson from Sunderland.
Championship side Birmingham City have signed striker Reece Vaughan on loan from Premier League side Chelsea until the end of the season.
A 70-year-old man has died after being hit by a car in Gwynedd.
The story of a League Two club that was forced to relocate to Milton Keynes is to be turned into a film.
The first football World Cup was held in India in 1954, when the country's national team won the Under-19 title.
Gylfi Sigurdsson says Swansea's 1-1 draw with Aston Villa was "fantastic" for the team.
Mick Fanning has won the Women's World Surf League (WSL) title in Hawaii, a day after learning his brother Peter had died.
Dutchman Alexander Groenewegen won the opening stage of the Volta a Catalunya on Friday.
Greece is one of the biggest economies in the world, but it's been in trouble for a long time.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of having an imitation gun after a security alert in south London.
For the past few weeks, delegates at the annual congress of world football's governing body Fifa have been digesting the latest developments in the corruption scandal that has engulfed the organisation.
The only sensible plan is to abandon the HS2 project altogether, a Labour MP has said, after it was revealed that work on Euston station will be delayed.
Developers have applied for planning permission for more than 700 student flats in Belfast city centre.
The amount of money spent on film production in the UK reached an all-time high last year, according to the British Film Institute (BFI).
The BBC's Ten Pieces Proms are returning to London for the first time in more than a decade.
Olympic silver medallist Ashton Mitchell-Blake has become the fourth Briton to run under 20 seconds in the 200m.
Argentina progressed to the last 16 of the Under-20 World Cup with a 4-0 win over Guinea in South Korea.
Six teenagers have been jailed for carrying out a series of ram-raid attacks on moped riders.
The owner of Dundee United has confirmed that the club is planning to build a new stadium in Dundee.
Serena Williams became the first woman to win 23 Grand Slam singles titles with victory over sister Venus in the Australian Open final.
EastEnders actor Danny Dyer has been named best actor at the Radio 2 Tric Awards.
Councillors are due to discuss the next stage of the Glasgow and Clyde Valley City Deal later.
The Welsh Green Party has launched its manifesto for the assembly election, promising to "cut out the exploitative middle man" in energy.
A Birmingham park bought by Crown Estates has been given the go-ahead by the council to make improvements.
David Coetzer says Scotland's return to international cricket against Afghanistan this week will be "huge" for the team.
The childhood home of John Lennon has been sold at auction in Liverpool for £250,000.
A World War One medal found in a field in Pembrokeshire has been identified as that of a soldier from Devon.
The mother of a man whose body parts were kept by police for 23 years has said it is "horrendous" they were not used to save his life.
Peterborough United manager Grant McCann has said he is "devastated" by the injury suffered by new signing Jack Payne in training on Friday.
Mainland Chinese shares fell sharply on Friday, with analysts citing a lack of liquidity following a number of new share offerings.
The Welsh Rugby Union has withdrawn its central contract offer to Scarlets scrum-half Scott Williams.
A prison crane has been used to remove drugs and mobile phones from the roof of a jail.
The families of two motorcyclists who died in a crash in Aberdeenshire have paid tribute to them.
Two ex-prisoners have found a way to help ex-offenders find work - by putting them in charge of their own businesses.
Mexican authorities have exhumed the remains of more than 100 people found buried in a mass grave in the western state of Morelos.
Rising temperatures are putting the lives of many species at risk, say scientists.
Plans for the M4 motorway in Newport could have a "catastrophic" impact on habitats for rare insects, a public inquiry has heard.
(Close): The pound fell after the Bank of England cut its growth forecast and kept interest rates on hold.
Prime Minister Theresa May has received a letter setting out the scope of the Grenfell Tower inquiry, Downing Street has said.
A German federal intelligence officer has been arrested on suspicion of spying for the US, German media say.
Two performances of Matilda have been cancelled after the actress playing the title role became ill on stage.
Calls have been made for the Scottish Parking Authority (CAS) to review the way it deals with private parking on private land.
Labour has won the Cardiff North seat from the Conservatives in the general election.
Greece's conservative New Democracy party has won parliamentary elections, after rejecting the terms of the country's international bailout.
Is the decision by Opec, the Organisation of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (Opec), to cut oil production really going to have an impact on the price of the commodity?
Switzerland will not neglect Lionel Messi when they face Argentina at the World Cup on Thursday, says striker Zeli Mehmedi.
David Cameron's visit to St Athan today was the second time he's been to Wales in the past year.
No action will be taken against a man accused of indecently assaulting a 15-year-old girl at an Aberdeen cadet base.
Shrewsbury Town have signed Arsenal midfielder Jack Jebb on loan until the end of the season and re-signed defender Craig McAllister on a one-month loan deal.
The director of the Mumbai International Film Festival has said he is "shocked and upset" after a documentary about caste was refused permission to be shown at the festival.
Archaeologists have pieced together fragments of stone flooring from the site of a former Jewish temple in Jerusalem.
Salmon has overtaken whisky as the UK's best-selling food and drink export in 2016, according to a trade body.
Oxford United will host Scunthorpe in the first round of the EFL Trophy.
A Londonderry woman has pleaded guilty to stealing more than £20,000 from a cancer charity.
Young adults are the biggest victims of identity theft in the UK, according to a new report.
Police have launched a murder investigation after the body of a 25-year-old man was found at a house in Edinburgh.
More than 1,000 people have been charged in connection with public order-related incidents since the start of the PSNI's Operation Titan in July.
A teenager has pleaded guilty to hacking into the Mumsnet website and making changes to users' accounts.
The funeral of a mother and her two children who were stabbed to death in Oxfordshire is due to take place later.
Voters across Wales will go to the polls on Thursday to choose their preferred local authority to run the country.
Singer Phil Collins has donated his collection of Alamo memorabilia to the state of Texas, where it will be displayed.
Castleford Tigers scored nine tries in the second half to thrash Super League rivals Wakefield Trinity and climb into the top eight.
Dundee United manager Mixu Paatelainen believes the battle to avoid relegation from the Scottish Premiership will go down to the wire.
A "huge" iguana has taken up residence at the top of a tree in Suffolk.
The Brit Awards are coming up on Sunday, 23 March, and it's going to be a big night for the music industry.
The main structure of Europe's next-generation space observatory has been moved to the UK for final tests.
The ride-hailing firm Uber has been accused of sexism by one of its female employees.
Manchester United and Real Madrid have failed to complete the signing of goalkeeper David De Gea, with both clubs saying they will appeal.
The US has said it will ban laptops, tablets and other electronic devices on all flights to and from Europe.
Details of Prime Minister Charles Michel's official residence and office were among the items found after the Brussels attacks, Belgian media report.
A man has died in China after being hit with a weight by officials from the country's controversial chengguan force, state media report.
Women's Champions League holders Paris St-Germain have signed Netherlands striker Marit Middag from Ajax on a three-year deal.
Fenerbahce striker Robin van Persie has said he is "all good" after suffering an eye injury in a pre-season friendly on Saturday.
Substitute Tom Hylton's header rescued a point for Luton Town against Exeter City in League Two.
Kendrick Lamar's long-awaited follow-up to 2015's To Pimp A Butterfly has been released on streaming services.
Thousands of people have turned out to see the giant ice sculptures that have been created for this year's Winter Olympics in Rio de Janeiro.
Manchester City Council bosses are set to receive a pay rise of up to 20% as part of the council's annual budget.
A bill to change the lyrics of Canada's national anthem has moved a step closer to becoming law.
A US sports doctor accused of sexually abusing young girls has been ordered to stand trial on three counts of child sexual assault.
A woman who was falsely accused of plotting to murder the prime minister during World War I is being honoured in her home city of Derby.
A British man and his son were among five people who died when a boat capsized off the coast of Canada.
England's Lydia Ko broke the age record for the youngest winner of a major with victory at the US Women's Open in Texas.
Tottenham Hotspur midfielder Nabil Bentaleb has signed a new contract with Borussia Monchengladbach, the German club have confirmed.
A man who stabbed his ex-girlfriend's boyfriend to death in a jealous rage has been jailed for life.
Dundee United striker Daniel Andreu was denied a penalty as his side were held to a goalless draw by Raith Rovers.
Deutsche Bank has reported a sharp fall in first-half profits as it continues to cut costs and sell assets.
The owner of Argos has reported a fall in sales for the first quarter of the year, as it continues to await a takeover offer.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farhad Manjoo looks at the lessons of the Arab Spring and the lessons for Syria.
Vanessa Hill is one of the most successful female backing singers in the history of the music industry.
More than 1,000 cyclists have taken part in the Gran Fondo cycling event in Plymouth.
Police in the southern Indian state of Kerala are hunting for the killers of a Muslim woman who was shot dead in her office on Tuesday.
A man who ran over a police officer as he tried to stop a stolen car has been jailed for five years.
A man has died after getting into difficulty in the sea off the Isle of Skye.
The sister of a woman who was stabbed to death by her ex-boyfriend has told a court she feared for her safety.
A collection of Victorian and Edwardian prams has fetched more than £6,000 at auction.
A motorcyclist has been jailed for six months for causing the death of a cyclist.
Somerset beat Gloucestershire by seven wickets in the One-Day Cup at Taunton.
A five-year-old boy has become the youngest person to be investigated for sexting, the BBC has learned.
A man who sent bomb threats to Bristol Airport has been jailed for three years and four months.
England put themselves in a strong position to win the first Test against Australia in Cardiff with a stunning final day of play.
Huddersfield Giants half-back Sione Ta'ai has signed a new two-year contract with the Super League club.
Lenovo and Acer have unveiled smartphones with batteries that are more than three times larger than those used in the world's best-selling smartphones.
The World Health Organization (WHO) has warned that eating a lot of processed meat could increase the risk of cancer.
 conductors on Southern rail are to stage three days of strike action in a row over changes to the role of conductors.
A new dissident republican group has said it was behind the murder of prison officer David Black.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has said the UK's plan to give EU citizens a new status after Brexit is a "good start".
Kim In-kyung birdied the first play-off hole to beat compatriot Carlota Ciganda and win the Lorena Ochoa Invitational in Mexico.
An Italian political party has apologised for using a photo of a gay couple on a leaflet that featured their image.
Britain's Shauna Coxsey has missed out on a second successive bouldering world title after finishing second at the second event of the season.
Dairy Crest is to sell its loss-making UK dairies business in a move to focus on its cheese and spreads business.
Spending by UK households fell for the first time in four years in May, according to the credit card company Visa.
A disabled man who was hit by a train door while trying to get off at Bodmin Parkway in Cornwall has spoken of his "frightening" experience.
A fountain built to celebrate the Queen's accession to the throne is to be refilled with water from a natural lake after the hosepipe ban came into force.
British astronaut Tim Peake is set to become the first Briton to go into space.
Two men have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was shot in the leg in Lincolnshire.
Fernando Alonso extended his lead at the top of the World Championship to 34 points as Jenson Button finished second to Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel at the Chinese Grand Prix.
The number of people killed in floods in Japan has risen to 17, the government has said, as rescuers continue to search for survivors.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at how technology is changing the way we work.
Kilmarnock have ended the loan spells of teenage players Callum Waddington and Callum Davies.
The number of seal pups born at a Dorset nature reserve has reached more than 1,000 for the first time.
The number of gibbons in China has fallen by more than 90% in the last 150 years, according to new research.
MPs have voted in favour of the government's plan to raise VAT from 20% to 25% by a majority of 321.
The threat to Wales' economy runs "far deeper" than the steel industry, Plaid Cymru has said.
Manchester City Council has secured a £500m investment from Abu Dhabi United Group to build hundreds of new homes.
Liverpool's Premier League title defence gets under way on Saturday when they host Chelsea at Anfield.
Britain's world number one Laura Robson won her second British Open title with a straight-set victory over Australia's Kirsty Waters in Manchester.
That's why it was so important for Jeremy Corbyn to get rid of Owen Smith as shadow foreign secretary.
Disney has announced that it will make a sequel to last year's hit animation Frozen.
Wembley will host the 2017 Women's FA Cup final for the first time in its history, it has been announced.
The UN Security Council has strongly condemned North Korea's launch of a rocket on Sunday, calling it a "serious violation" of a resolution.
Burnley moved back to the top of the Championship as goals from Andre Gray and Liam Feeney saw off struggling Bolton.
Lancashire batsman Liam Livingstone hit an unbeaten 63 to put his side in a strong position on day three of the County Championship match against Derbyshire at Old Trafford.
Great Britain's Greg Rutherford won the Olympic long jump title on the final day of the Diamond League meeting in London.
The family of a woman who died following a crash in Aberdeenshire have said they are "devastated" by her death.
Dog poo is on the rise on UK beaches, according to the Marine Conservation Society.
Chelsea captain John Terry will miss the end of the season after being sent off in the 2-2 draw with West Brom on Saturday.
The final four members of a gang dubbed the "Rathkeale Rovers" have been found guilty of stealing artefacts worth more than £17m from museums and auctions.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at how East African countries are preparing for the 2016 elections.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) and the World Bank are two of the world's largest international organisations.
A man has raised more than £53,000 for a Liverpool hospice by swimming the length of the River Mersey in a Speedo.
Aston Villa manager Tim Sherwood says his side have a "losing mentality" after their FA Cup semi-final defeat by Arsenal.
Glasgow Warriors head coach Gregor Townsend says his side were not good enough to beat Edinburgh in the 1872 Cup final.
The last ship to be built at the Govan yard in Clydeside, the Queen Elizabeth II, was launched in the yard in 2015.
A man has been found not guilty of attempting to murder his ex-girlfriend by pouring acid over her head.
Tottenham striker Harry Kane should be selected by England manager Roy Hodgson, says ex-Tottenham team-mate Shaun Murphy.
Britain's Andy Murray beat Canadian Vasek Pospisil in straight sets to reach the quarter-finals of the Rogers Cup in Montreal.
The inventor of the Etch A Sketch toy has died at the age of 89, his company has said.
The government is considering selling its stake in the Green Investment Bank (GIB), which has invested in green projects.
A solar-powered phone charging station has been installed in a red telephone box in north-west London.
Samsung has asked owners of its Galaxy Note 7 phone to send back the device's batteries in the wake of a series of fires.
Former BBC Radio 1 DJ Graham Denning has pleaded guilty to five new counts of indecent assault against boys.
The US space agency (Nasa) has released another picture taken by its Curiosity rover on the surface of Mars.
The widow of a Cardiff man who died in hospital has said she is "disgusted" by the findings of an investigation into his death.
A 16-year-old boy has died after being stabbed in Bristol.
The chief inspector of schools in England has said he is "seriously concerned" about the number of unregulated schools in the West Midlands.
Councillors in Edinburgh have voted against the controversial City Garden Project.
The life of one of the most decorated submariners of World War Two is to be celebrated at his childhood home in County Down.
Barcelona footballer Lionel Messi is to stand trial for tax fraud, a Spanish court has ruled.
Celtic and Rangers will play in the Scottish Cup quarter-finals after the fifth-round draw was made on Monday.
Hospital referrals could be suspended in a bid to save the NHS Â£12.5m.
Former CIA director David Petraeus has said he would serve under Donald Trump if asked.
Buddhism in Taiwan has changed for the better, thanks to the work of Hsiao Ching-chung.
A new outdoor play garden has opened at the Noah's Ark Children's Hospital for Wales in Cardiff.
More than half of women in Wales who breastfeed their newborns do not get enough milk, a survey has found.
An Australian woman who travelled to Syria with her husband to fight with so-called Islamic State (IS) has been sentenced to two years in prison.
The European Union is to create a single list of tax havens, in the wake of the Panama Papers scandal.
Celtic defender Scott Ambrose has completed his move to Blackburn Rovers on a season-long loan.
Walkers have been warned about the dangers of attacking birds of prey on the Isle of Wight.
(Close): US stocks closed higher on Monday, with Bank of America leading the way after the bank reported better-than-expected profits.
The former BHS owner Sir Philip Green has been granted an honorary knighthood by the Queen for services to retail.
Glasgow Warriors centre Leone Nakarawa will leave the club at the end of the season to join French side Racing Metro.
New Zealand off-spinner Ish Sodhi has signed a new one-year contract with Derbyshire.
The number of women being diagnosed with breast cancer in Northern Ireland is set to rise by 65% in the next 20 years, according to new figures.
Former military chiefs have written to the prime minister warning that the loss of the aircraft carrier Ark Royal has left Britain dangerously exposed in the Middle East.
Scientists are planning to drill down to the deepest part of the earth and see if there's anything living there.
A study suggests that most people would rather have something to do than to have nothing other than their thoughts for even a brief period.
Two more people have been arrested in connection with a dog attack on a 15-year-old girl which left her with life-threatening injuries.
A man has been stabbed and a pedestrian killed in separate incidents in south-east London.
A team of scientists in Taiwan has discovered how jumping spiders control their movements.
Exeter Chiefs trio Tomas Horstmann, Alex Salvi and Tom Atkins have signed new contracts with the Premiership club.
Leyton Orient manager Russell Slade says he will have help from new owner Francesco Becchetti to improve the League Two club.
It's that time of year again - the start of the new season and the first Premier League games of the season.
Power-sharing is back on the agenda for the Stormont assembly election on 5 May, with the DUP's Arlene Foster warning of a "brutal" election.
Domino's, the world's biggest pizza chain, has reported a 15% rise in profits last year, helped by strong online sales.
Scunthorpe United have signed former Blackpool and Hibernian midfielder Jordan Osbourne on a one-month loan deal.
At least 19 people have been killed in an attack on Tunisia's parliament in the capital, Tunis, the prime minister says.
The Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) leader, Jim Murphy, has said his party is "not fit for purpose" as it prepares for the next assembly election.
At the African Union (AU) assembly in Addis Ababa, President Barack Obama stood on the stage in front of an audience of more than 2,000.
Michael Farquhar has been released from hospital after being seriously injured in a crash at the North West 200 motorcycling event.
The number of young people trespassing on railway lines in Wales has risen for the second year in a row, figures have shown.
Former world number one Tiger Woods says he is receiving "professional help" for back pain and a sleep disorder.
A cessation of hostilities has come into effect in the Syrian city of Aleppo, the US and Russia say.
Manchester City, Arsenal and Chelsea will find out their Champions League last-32 opponents on Thursday.
A man has gone on trial accused of setting fire to a house with his mother, brother and four children inside.
The row between French President Francois Hollande and a group of left-wing MPs over the right of convicted terrorists to hold French nationality has exposed the deep divisions within his own party.
The Green Party in England and Wales has pledged to abolish the tax on sanitary products if it wins the 2015 general election.
A cash machine has been blown up and a large amount of money stolen during a robbery at a shop in North Lanarkshire.
The Co-op has been ordered to provide customers with separate quotes for insurance with no claims bonus, after it missed a deadline.
South African prosecutors are to appeal against the acquittal of Oscar Pistorius of murder, the country's highest court has said.
The Russian foreign minister has accused the US of floundering in its policy in Syria, in an interview with the BBC.
Hundreds of people have taken part in a giant water slide in a city centre street.
The Chinese government has banned a documentary by award-winning Chinese filmmaker Chai Yan, which highlighted the dangers of air pollution.
A man has been left badly shaken after he was threatened by a gang during a burglary at his home in Londonderry.
Jake Sheppard scored a late winner as Dagenham and Redbridge came from behind to beat Bromley in the National League.
More than 2,000 children and young people were sexually exploited in England and Wales last year, a report says.
Edrington Distilleries has announced that Crawford Gillies is to succeed Alasdair Murray as the company's chairman.
(Close): The pound hit a fresh seven-year high against the euro on Tuesday, after the Bank of England said the UK's economy was performing well.
The Afghan Taliban have released the first audio message from their new leader, Mullah Akhtar Mansour, in which he calls for unity.
Worcestershire's teenage pace bowler Jack Tongue took five wickets to help his side fight back against Glamorgan at Chelmsford.
A lollipop lady was seriously injured when she was hit by a car outside a Bedfordshire school, a court has heard.
Midfielder Clint Dempsey has been ruled out of the World Cup in Russia because of a knee injury.
The family of a man whose body was found in a lake after a charity triathlon have raised more than £12,000 for the hospital where he worked.
Barcelona say they have paid £1m in back taxes on the world's most expensive footballer Neymar.
The US led the world in investment in clean energy technologies in 2011, according to a new table.
A temporary footbridge is to be built to replace a Grade II-listed road bridge in a North Yorkshire town which has been closed while it is repaired.
A non-league football team has returned to its home town for the first time in more than a decade.
A Dundee man has been found guilty of possessing and selling stun guns that can be used as batons and stun guns.
The chief executive of Malaysian Airlines, Christoph Mueller, is to step down after more than two years in the job.
Police have appealed for witnesses after a man was found with serious head injuries in a residential street.
An Irish TV star has said he is "bonkers" after he was compared to an elephant on a TV show.
Republican presidential candidate Ben Carson has been embroiled in a fresh controversy over his childhood.
Nigeria's former Fifa executive committee member Samson Adamu is being investigated by the sport's governing body.
Nigeria is home to some of the world's best-known artists, but many of them are struggling to make a living from their work.
Astronomers have made what they call a "skotocartography" of dark matter, similar to a map of the UK.
Nigeria's senate has approved a bill that would make it a criminal offence to post abusive messages on social media.
Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho "made a mistake" in his treatment of club physiotherapist Eva Carneiro, Football Association chairman Greg Dyke has said.
Nigeria's military has offered a reward for information leading to the capture of alleged leaders of the militant Islamist group Boko Haram.
A cat called George has found a new home in a supermarket and he's getting used to it!
A German aid group has accused the Libyan Coast Guard of attacking a rubber dinghy carrying migrants in the Mediterranean on Friday.
Tributes have been paid to a British soldier who was killed by a roadside bomb in Afghanistan.
UKIP and the Conservatives spent more on their European election campaign than the Lib Dems, Labour, the SNP and the Green Party combined.
Hull KR have appointed ex-St Helens and St Helens back-rower Joe Forster as their new head coach on a two-year deal.
At least six people have been killed in an explosion outside a hotel in the Somali capital, Mogadishu, officials say.
President Donald Trump's proposed cuts to the US State Department's budget show a "lack of understanding" of what it takes to win the war, a senior Republican has said.
Do you think it's snowing in the Indian city of Bangalore (Calcutta)?
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a pensioner was found dead at a house in Cardiff.
The 2015 World Para-athletics Championships medal has been unveiled on the front of the 2015 World Athletics Championships medal case.
More than 100 shops selling so-called legal highs have been shut down since the ban on the trade came into force in England and Wales, the Home Office says.
This year's Royal Photographic Society (RPS) Photographer of the Year competition has attracted more than 1,000 entries.
The New York Stock Exchange (Nasdaq) has apologised after mistakenly listing some of the world's biggest companies for less than $123.47.
A man who admitted using his mobile phone to take indecent photographs of women at two public places has been jailed for six months.
World leaders are meeting in Rwanda to try to agree a deal to phase out a greenhouse gas which has been blamed for global warming.
Mobile phone operator EE has launched two balloons that can be used to provide mobile coverage in rural areas.
Wales captain Sam Warburton says his side's win over France sets up a "massive" Six Nations match against England.
Prime Minister David Cameron has apologised to a London mayoral candidate for suggesting he supports the so-called Islamic State.
Planning permission has been granted for a wind farm on Skye which could generate enough power for more than 23,000 homes.
The government says it is "confident" it will be able to get its Brexit bill through Parliament, despite opposition from the Northern Ireland Executive.
Taxi-hailing app Uber is losing more than $1bn (Â£700m) a year in China, its chief executive has said.
Parents of children at a holiday camp accused of having indecent images of children will be able to get a refund, the company has said.
Saul 'Canelo' Alvarez says he will fight Gennady Golovkin at any weight following his victory over Amir Khan on Saturday.
A man has died after his light aircraft crashed at the Dundonald Airfield in County Down on Saturday.
Tributes have been paid to former England midfielder Tom Finney, who has died aged 91.
Crawley Town have signed Dutch striker Marvin Verheydt from Dutch top-flight side Maastricht for an undisclosed fee.
Pakistan's military has appointed a new head of the country's spy agency, the Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI).
The death of a baby born after his mother was turned away from a hospital because she was not dilated enough was a misadventure, an inquest has heard.
The government's proposals for ring-fencing the UK's banks are "well short" of the recommendations of a report last year, a watchdog has said.
A 25-year-old man has died after being shot in the chest in Sheffield.
A French tourist has died while snorkelling on an Australian reef, the second death in as many days.
A venomous spider can be used as a treatment for stroke, according to Australian researchers.
Plans for a joint training college for Northern Ireland's three fire and rescue services have been dropped, the BBC has learned.
A man has been airlifted to hospital after being injured in a fall in Snowdonia.
A small group of blind men and women are sitting on the grass, waiting for the ball to come their way.
"It's like little deaths," says Andy Johnson, whose seven-year-old son Jack has Duchenne's Muscular Dystrophy.
A woman jailed for stealing more than £300,000 from a Dumfries and Galloway farmer is to appeal against her conviction.
US swimmer Ryan Lochte has lost his sponsorships from Speedo, Ralph Lauren, Syneron-Candela and Airweave.
Hampshire were relegated to Division Two of the County Championship after Durham beat them by seven wickets at Edgbaston.
Middlesbrough manager Aitor Karanka says the club are "not in a rush" to sign more players as they prepare for the new Premier League season.
Belfast Harbour has announced plans to build a new office development in the city centre.
A woman who has been paralysed from the waist down is set to take part in the London Marathon for the first time.
The US justice department has said "serious systemic deficiencies" remain at the Los Angeles County jail despite reforms agreed in 2002.
A man in South Yorkshire has become the first person in the UK to have a cherry tree grow in his back garden.
Armen Nalbandian is not a man to mess around - especially when it comes to tennis.
Team Sky principal Sir Dave Brailsford praised Luke Rowe's "incredible" effort in helping Chris Froome win the Tour de France.
Scientists in Argentina have discovered a fossilised grapefruit dating back more than 5,000 years - and it's pretty amazing!
New Rangers manager Pedro Caixinha will have to put his own stamp on the team when he takes charge on Saturday, according to Hamilton Academical boss Martin Canning.
England fast bowler Steven Finn has been recalled to the squad for the second Test against Australia at Edgbaston.
A European Space Agency (Esa) demonstrator spacecraft has successfully re-entered the Earth's atmosphere, crashing into the Pacific Ocean.
The decision on the redevelopment of a Jersey high school has been put back by a month.
A court in Greece has found former Finance Minister Evangelos Papaconstantinou guilty of doctoring a leaked list of bank account holders.
A hospital refused to pay £1,000 for a blind for a patient because it did not meet fire and infection control regulations, a doctor has claimed.
Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny has been found guilty of embezzlement and sentenced to five years in prison.
A man has been found guilty of raping a pensioner in her home in south-west London.
Fertility patients should be offered up to three cycles of IVF treatment, according to a charity.
Hospitals in England and Wales are struggling to cope with rising demand because of a lack of beds and staff, doctors say.
Trams have run for the first time in Manchester city centre as part of a trial of a new crossing.
Mylan, the maker of the EpiPen allergy treatment, is to sell a cheaper version of the product in the US.
Kell Brook has been ruled out of Saturday's world title fight against Gennady Golovkin after suffering an eye injury in his defeat by Wladimir Klitschko.
A half-marathon to raise money for children's charity Save the Children is to go ahead in Gloucestershire, the council has announced.
Crystal Palace striker Yannick Bolasie is worth more than £5m, according to the club's manager.
Fishermen from other countries will be allowed to fish in UK waters after Brexit, Michael Gove has said.
An Indian soldier who was caught in an avalanche in the remote Himalayan region of Siachen last week remains in a "comatose state", the army says.
The UK economy grew at an annual rate of 0.6% in the third quarter of the year, according to official figures.
Saturday's League One game between Wigan and Peterborough United has been postponed because of a frozen pitch.
The owners of a Poundland store have said they hope to reopen "as soon as possible" after it was damaged in an explosion.
Police have released CCTV images of three men they want to trace in connection with the rape of a woman in Glasgow.
Humberside's chief constable has written to the Education Secretary urging head teachers to allow police officers to take holiday during the school year.
Police searching for missing toddler Ben Needham have begun searching a second site on the Greek island of Kos.
Ed Miliband has said he will not exclude himself from being prime minister by not talking to the SNP.
The Super Bowl may have been won by the New England Patriots, but American football is just as much a part of our lives as the football.
A man has been jailed for life for murdering his six-year-old daughter in a "wicked and despicable" attack.
Barrow came from behind to beat National League side Taunton Town and reach the second round of the FA Cup.
Glamorgan batsman Colin Ingram has signed a two-year deal with Australian Big Bash side Adelaide Strikers.
The Office for National Statistics (ONS) would not welcome any proposal to transfer work or jobs from Newport, a union has said.
A group of Iraqi Yazidis have been speaking to the BBC about their experience of living under Islamic State (IS) rule, two years ago.
Australia batsman Michael Clarke made his first century since the death of team-mate Phillip Hughes on the second day of the first Test against South Africa.
Bristol's main railway station has been closed to the public for the second time in a year.
One of the UK's largest food delivery services has been hit by a cyber-attack.
Actor John McCowen, best known for his role as James Bond's Q in 1983's Never Say Never Again, has died at the age of 91.
Roma legend Francesco Totti has signed a new two-year contract with the Serie A club.
Quinton de Kock and Hashim Amla hit centuries as South Africa beat England by eight wickets in the third one-day international to level the series.
The Northern Ireland Chamber of Commerce has released the results of a poll on the future of the UK's membership of the European Union (EU).
A double-decker bus caught fire and exploded in Bishopsgate, north London, on Sunday morning.
Morrisons has said it is raising the price of Marmite by 5% because of the fall in the pound.
Glasgow School of Art has opened a new building on the opposite side of Renfrew Street to its iconic Mackintosh building.
Former Scottish Secretary Alistair Smith has urged the European Union not to "let Scotland down now".
Sri Lanka batsman Kusal Sangakkara has retired from Test cricket.
High winds and heavy rain have caused disruption to transport in parts of Scotland.
The European Commission has announced an aid package for Northern Ireland's dairy industry, aimed at stabilising markets.
Rangers manager Pedro Caixinha praised his side after they were held to a goalless draw by Hearts at Ibrox.
The first Japanese otter to be reintroduced into the wild in the world will make its way to Skye later this month.
It was the hottest day of the year when I arrived in Bangkok, Thailand, to start a new job.
A UKIP election candidate has apologised after appearing to question the cost of treating foreigners with HIV on the NHS.
Barcelona defender Dani Alves will leave the club at the end of the season after eight years.
US rocket company SpaceX has carried out what it calls a "safety test" on its Falcon 9 rocket, just days after it was destroyed in an explosion.
UK detectives investigating the murders of two British tourists in Thailand have completed their work in the country, police have said.
Warwickshire captain Varun Chopra scored his first century of the season as his side drew with Hampshire at Old Trafford.
The leader of UKIP's assembly group has said he will not stand as a candidate because he does not live in Wales.
There's a war of words going on in the House of Commons.
Mercedes technical director Paddy Lowe is to leave the team at the end of the season, BBC Sport understands.
A prison has been placed in special measures after a knife was found in the hands of a prisoner, a union has said.
A 91-year-old motorcyclist has died in a crash while attempting to set a new national record.
The brother of a British man found dead on a Thai island has said his family are "devastated" by his death.
Women's Premier League side Arsenal Ladies are to change their name to 'Arsenal Women' from the start of next season.
The death of a man whose body was found in Surrey is being treated as murder, police have said.
A British teacher who died of carbon monoxide poisoning while on holiday in China died as a result of an accident, an inquest has heard.
Six Labour MPs have defied the party leadership by abstaining from a vote on the government's budget charter, the BBC understands.
The 50th anniversary of the first West Indian carnival is to be marked with a series of events.
Bournemouth striker Callum Wilson says he is "feeling like a football player again" after making his first appearance of the season.
A 19-year-old man has been arrested in the US on suspicion of plotting to kill US troops in Pakistan.
Brighton came from two goals down to beat Ipswich and move up to third in the Championship.
A cash machine has been stolen in a ram-raid on a shop in Northamptonshire.
The sister of a junior doctor whose body was found off the coast of Dartmoor has said she will "never be forgotten".
A record number of people have taken to the slopes this winter, according to Ski Scotland.
The son of Jean McConville has accused Sinn Féin leader Gerry Adams of threatening to kill him after he was questioned by police about her murder.
Have you ever wondered what would happen if you moved in with a giant dinosaur?
A mother and her partner have appeared in court charged with the murder of her baby son.
Sinn Féin has said it is "appalled" by comments made by the Ulster Unionist Party (UUP) MLA Jim Poots.
A man has gone on trial accused of falsely imprisoning a 15-year-old girl who was later raped and murdered.
Wigan Warriors full-back Lewis Tierney has signed a new three-year contract with the Super League club.
Thousands of people have attended the Twelfth of July parade in Rossnowlagh, County Donegal.
Wales' political parties have been publishing their manifestos for the general election.
Birmingham City manager Harry Redknapp says he needs to make more signings before the start of the Championship season.
Blackpool missed the chance to go top of League One as they were held to a draw by 10-man Colchester.
China is "committing to do something about" overcapacity in the steel industry, Business Secretary Sajid Javid has said.
The funeral of a Durham police officer has taken place at Durham Cathedral.
The number of people in Wales with super-fast internet connections has risen, according to a report from telecoms regulator Ofcom.
Tata Steel has confirmed it is in talks to sell its Speciality Steels division in South Yorkshire.
Plans for a travellers' site in Machynlleth are to be discussed at a public meeting.
Work to repair a church spire damaged by woodpeckers has been given the green light.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has called the phone number of rival Senator Lindsey Graham to complain about him.
President Barack Obama has hailed the opening of health insurance markets under his signature healthcare law, as the government reopened after a three-day shutdown.
A security alert in Londonderry has ended after it was declared a hoax device.
The US government is proposing new rules to reduce the number of times drivers are distracted by electronic devices.
A Northern Ireland delegation has arrived in Colombia for the latest round of peace talks between the Colombian government and Farc rebels.
A man has been taken to hospital after becoming stuck on a fence in Coventry in the early hours.
Adam Lyth's maiden first-class century put Yorkshire in a strong position against Surrey on day three at The Oval.
A man has been banned from driving for six months after his car crashed into a house in West Sussex, causing a fire.
Ken Morley has apologised for his "unacceptable behaviour" on Channel 5's Celebrity Big Brother.
Irish Water has said a temporary fix has been put in place to a water main which has been causing major disruption to thousands of customers.
A woman has been threatened with a knife during an armed robbery at a convenience store in Londonderry.
SDLP MLA Colum Eastwood has been nominated to challenge Alasdair McDonnell for the leadership of the party.
A town that has twice been named Scotland's "most dismal" has won this year's Carbuncle award.
Three men have been arrested after police seized a "substantial" quantity of cannabis with an estimated street value of more than £100,000 on the Isle of Man.
Welsh Labour needs to be "pro-business, pro-every part of Wales" if it is to be the natural party of Wales, a former minister has said.
Former Solheim Cup captain Annika Sorenstam says she was "charmed" by England's Charley Hull when she first met her three years ago.
The founder of a lost luggage tracker has lost out on an £8m investment offer made on BBC Scotland's Dragons' Den.
Bangladesh has restored power supplies to most of the country after a major blackout hit the country on Saturday.
Culture Minister Carál Ní Chuilín has taken control of Sport NI following the resignation of nine board members.
The NHS in England is changing the way it pays for innovative cancer drugs, the health service has said.
A publican has been jailed for 12 years for stabbing a man he had previously banned from his pub.
The families of three London schoolgirls who travelled to Syria to join Islamic State say they are "distraught" that two of them have been married.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has been banned for four games after being sent off during Sunday's 1-1 draw with Burnley.
A pair of 17th Century cups and saucers have been stolen in a burglary at a stately home.
The owners of a private hospital where abuse took place have been criticised by a report into the scandal.
Glamorgan batsman Ben Wright has left the club by mutual consent to join Derbyshire on a two-year contract.
Italy's Supreme Court has overturned the conviction of former lovers Antonio Sollecito and Amanda Kercher for the 2007 murder of British student Meredith Knox.
Former Masters champion Nick Faldo says Jordan Spieth will be "in shock" after losing a five-shot lead on the final day of the tournament.
One of Usain Bolt's former team-mates has accused athletics' governing body of a "cover-up" after being denied entry to the World Championships.
Middlesbrough scored two first-half goals as they beat 10-man Bournemouth to record their first Premier League win of the season.
The former first minister of Northern Ireland, Lord Bannside, has been speaking to BBC News NI about the Home Rule crisis of 1914-15.
League Two side Luton Town have signed Birmingham City midfielder Scott Brown on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Four people have been arrested in Belgium on suspicion of planning terrorist attacks in the capital, Brussels.
Theresa May has been heckled as she met survivors of the Grenfell Tower fire at a church in north-west London.
Leigh Centurions are set to sign Salford Red Devils half-back Matty Chase on a free transfer.
The direct air service between Dundee and London Stansted will continue for another two years, it has been announced.
Mining giant Anglo American has announced plans to cut more than half of its workforce as part of a major restructuring.
A motorcyclist was to blame for the death of French cyclist Christian Demoitie on Sunday, his team has said.
Ireland centre Stuart McCloskey has signed a new three-year contract with Ulster.
The US space agency (Nasa) has launched a probe that aims to return a sample of dust and rock from the asteroid Bennu.
A Japanese woman has been ordered to return her three-year-old son to his father in Japan in breach of his custody rights.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing serious injury by dangerous driving after a car crashed off a promenade.
A number of bodies have been found in a mass grave in the north-eastern Kenyan town of Mombasa, police say.
A powerful cyclone has killed at least 11 people and injured more than 100 in Vanuatu, the country's president says.
Home Secretary Simon Harrington has refused to say how many Syrian refugees have come to the UK under the government's Vulnerable People Relocation Scheme.
A "perverse incentive" for criminals to plead guilty in order to avoid paying a prosecution fee has been criticised by MPs.
Asda has said it has fixed a security issue on its website that could have exposed customers' credit and debit card details.
A former drug cartel pilot has been jailed for trying to kill a squatter with an axe in his flat.
Mexico won the Under-20 World Cup for the first time with a 2-1 extra-time victory over Brazil at Wembley.
The current £1 coin is set to be replaced by a 12-sided version, the Royal Mint has announced.
Andy Murray's former coach Ivan Lendl says he has had a number of enquiries about returning to tennis as a coach.
A woman has told the trial of a man accused of raping her in Edinburgh that she thought she was being followed by a friend when she was attacked.
Former England manager Sam Allardyce has been appointed Sunderland manager on a two-year contract.
It's not every day you meet a father and son who share a passion for the sport of shooting.
Human rights lawyer Amal Clooney has called for a UN investigation into the mass graves of Yazidi people killed by Islamic State (IS) in Iraq.
An under-performing academy in south-west London is to be merged with another in the city.
Seven men have been charged in Germany in connection with an arson attack on a Polish man in a Berlin underground station on Christmas Day.
David Cameron has ruled out a collective cabinet decision on whether the UK stays in or leaves the European Union.
A US appeals court has overturned the murder conviction of Brendan Dassey, whose case was featured in the Netflix series Making a Murderer.
A plan by security researchers to pay a hacking group for access to security flaws has been abandoned.
Bristol City have sold striker Jonathan Kodjia to Championship rivals Aston Villa for a fee that could rise to £10m.
There is little difference between the performance of academy and non-academy schools, according to analysis.
Eleven missing Doctor Who episodes have been found in Nigeria, including one of the show's best-loved stories The Battle of the Somme.
Shares in aviation services firm Menzies have fallen more than 7% after it said Gatwick Airport was to be the cause of further cost-cutting.
Boris Johnson's visit to Moscow has been cancelled after Russia said it was "deeply disappointed" by the UK's decision to cancel the trip.
A police force's poster urging parents not to use the threat of the police to punish their children has been widely shared on social media.
Police in Scotland are investigating an allegation of historical sexual abuse against the former Labour peer Lord Janner.
Notts County Ladies have confirmed they will play their home games at the County Ground in Nottingham from the start of next season.
The violence that has resulted from loyalist protests in Belfast is damaging Northern Ireland's image around the world, says Secretary of State Theresa Villiers.
A motorcyclist has been killed in a collision with a tractor in Lincolnshire.
Jess Glynne and her fiance have said they will not get married until same-sex marriage is legal in Australia.
England wrapped up a 3-0 series whitewash over New Zealand with a comfortable win at Twickenham.
A drug used by patients with osteoporosis could help reduce the number of hip and knee replacements that fail, a study suggests.
A woman in the US state of Utah has been sentenced to at least 30 years in prison for murdering six of her children.
The so-called Trojan Horse threat to head teachers in England has not gone away despite inquiries into the issue, head teachers say.
Two late goals from Bristol Rovers striker Joe Taylor denied MK Dons their first home league win of the season.
A field trial of a genetically modified (GM) rice crop in the Philippines has been halted by protesters.
Aston Villa midfielder Fabian Delph has completed his £8m move to Manchester City.
A hospital where a patient died and another was left sitting on a bedpan for more than an hour has been criticised by the Care Quality Commission.
Education Secretary John Swinney is to give a statement on the findings of a review into the death of schoolboy Bailey Gwynne.
At one point in his life, Ryan Doherty was not only taking drugs - he was making them.
The University of Aberdeen has become the first in the UK to offer a full-time degree in Urdu.
Turkey's President Recep Tayyip Erdogan and his family are involved in a "criminal business" selling oil from Islamic State-held territory, Russia has said.
Thousands of people have been posing for selfies with armed police officers at the Download Festival.
The European Council president has said he does not expect "serious negotiations" between the UK and the rest of the European Union over Brexit.
South Korean tech giant Samsung Electronics has forecast that its operating profit for the fourth quarter of the year will miss forecasts.
Police in China have arrested two distillers accused of using illegal Viagra to adulterate alcohol.
Thousands of tonnes of rubbish has been cleared from a council's bins following a three-week strike.
TalkTalk has confirmed that the scale of the cyber attack on its website in October was "much more limited" than previously thought.
Ireland's Shane Lowry is one shot off the lead after the third round of the US PGA Championship.
A student-built electric car has set a new world speed record in Switzerland.
A Royal Marine accused of sexually assaulting a woman in Uganda has told a court martial it was "fairly animal" behaviour.
Scarlets director of rugby Mark McCall says he would be "devastated" if one of his players did what James Skelton did to James Davies on Saturday.
Amazon founder Jeff Bezos has made a big discovery.
Thousands of people have turned out for this year's Ice sculptures festival in the Chinese city of Beijing.
Ghanaian duo The Busy Twist have released a new dance track called 'Dance, Dance, Dance' which they say has captured the spirit of the country.
Tens of thousands of football fans faced long queues to watch their team play in the FA Cup on Saturday.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed lower after the US economy added fewer jobs than expected in July.
England batsman Kevin Pietersen is set to return to international cricket for the first time in more than a year after being dropped by the club.
Scientists have discovered 93 genes that can cause breast cancer, in the largest study of its kind.
Chronic pain can be caused by a combination of genetic and environmental factors, according to new research.
Chelsea have won their second Premier League title in a row.
Staff at London Metropolitan University have voted in favour of strike action in a dispute over job losses.
Kilmarnock eased to a comfortable win over Inverness Caledonian Thistle in the Scottish Championship.
Glamorgan were made to toil by Kent in the first one-day international of the season, losing by seven wickets in Cardiff.
A 23-year-old man has appeared in court charged with causing the deaths of a seven-year old boy and his aunt in a car crash while being pursued by police.
The parents of a teenage girl who died in a boating accident have launched a campaign to raise awareness of safety on the water.
Aston Villa midfielder Idrissa Gueye has triggered his £7m release clause, the club have confirmed.
Nigeria's Africa Cup of Nations-winning captain, Odion Ighalo, has been shortlisted for the African Footballer of the Year award.
A major road in Bath has reopened after being closed following a serious crash involving a lorry and a car.
Olympic silver medallist David Pollock has finished in the top 10 of the half marathon at the Cardiff Half Marathon.
The leader of Bahrain's main opposition group, al-Wefaq, has called on the country's Crown Prince Salman al-Khalifa to take a leading role in talks aimed at ending the political crisis.
Two high schools in the US state of Virginia have been closed after parents complained about a geography lesson about the Middle East.
The family of Dutch football legend Johan Cruyff have thanked fans for their "love, kind words and memories" following his death.
Two-time Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova reached the Aegon Classic semi-finals with a 6-4 7-5 win over American Coco Vandeweghe in Birmingham.
A Loyalist flag has been unveiled in west Belfast in an attempt to reduce the number of paramilitary flags being flown in the city.
Northern Ireland's Kris Meeke has won the World Rally Championship for the first time after a last-gasp crash in Italy.
Police in Beijing have launched an investigation after a Baidu executive was filmed apparently driving a self-driving car on public roads.
Brian Matthew, who has died at the age of 88, was one of the UK's longest-serving radio presenters.
Sale Sharks' record signing Joe Charnley says he wants to learn the game "free-flowing" after switching to rugby union.
An Israeli police officer from the Arab community has been appointed to the country's most senior police post.
Three young men in Consett, North Yorkshire, are looking at a picture of a woman on the front page of the local newspaper and asking each other who she is.
Singer Justin Iglesias has suffered a broken hand after slicing it open during a live concert in Mexico.
There is "real scope" for cannabis to be decriminalised in Northern Ireland, a former police chief has said.
Ireland fly-half Johnny Sexton will make his first start of the New Zealand tour in Saturday's second match against the Highlanders.
Many deaf people in Wales are not declaring they are deaf on their CVs, a charity has said.
A man has been shot dead outside a jewellers in Liverpool, the latest in a series of shootings in the city.
The United Nations (UN) has become the first organisation to grant an honorary membership to the comic book superhero Wonder Woman.
The Ministry of Defence (MoD) has told a man who was left paralysed after a diving accident that he was "on duty" and not "chilling out".
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has held his first meeting with US President-elect Donald Trump.
It has been a fairytale start to the European Championship in France, but the tournament is now over.
An appeal has been launched against the jailing of a transgender woman who has had reconstructive surgery.
A man and his dog had to be rescued from a lake after three people tried to smash the window of a car in Hertfordshire.
It's 30 years since the BBC Micro Computer was first released in the UK, and it's still one of the most popular computers in the country.
League Two side Luton Town have signed Southend United striker Jordan Pigott on loan until the end of the season.
Harry Potter and the Cursed Child writer Jack Thorne is to write the script for a TV adaptation of Blade Runner author Philip K Dick's Electric Dreams.
A girl who was shot in the head in a "domestic-related incident" in Northamptonshire is in a critical condition in hospital.
A 95-year-old man who phoned a BBC radio show to talk about his wife's dementia was taken to the studio by the show's production team.
An MP is to meet the health secretary over plans to close a hospital's maternity unit if it fails to recruit enough doctors.
A vein of Blue John, one of the most valuable minerals in the world, has been discovered in a cave in the UK.
Indian sprinter Gurmeet Ram Rahim Singh has accused the country's anti-doping agency of tampering with his sample.
The number of tablet computers in schools in England has more than doubled in the past two years, according to a new study.
Students at Queen's University, Belfast (QUB) have begun occupying a building in a protest against the university's investments in fossil fuels.
Guingamp have signed former Derby County player Yaya Camara on a one-year deal.
Singer-songwriter Ed Sheeran has won the Mercury Music Prize for his debut album, The Weight of These Things.
A 25-year-old man has been charged with murder after a man was found dead in South Africa's Western Cape province on Wednesday.
The Polish government has called for former Prime Minister Donald Tusk to be prosecuted over the 2010 plane crash that killed President Lech Kaczynski and 96 others.
Cardiff City's annual accounts show that the club lost more than £20m during their relegation from the Premier League last season.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in Brighton.
A woman who worked in Sheffield's steelworks during World War Two has called for a statue of the city's women steelworkers to be erected.
Hartlepool United's Andrew Nelson is likely to miss the rest of the season after suffering a knee injury.
Scotland's beaches have been named the best in the world by the World Health Organization.
Ireland's hopes of a place in the World Cup quarter-finals suffered a major blow as Sexton and O'Mahony and captain Paul O'Connell all suffered injuries in the 24-9 win over France.
A Cardiff drug dealer has been found guilty of murdering a two-year-old boy who suffered "catastrophic" head injuries.
Mauritius Prime Minister Mahama Jugnauth has announced he is to step down after 35 years in office.
Surgeons in Sweden have carried out the world's first tissue-engineered windpipe transplant on an African man.
Nigeria international Asisat Oshaniwa says his move to Hearts from Israel is a "big step" in his career.
Former world number one Victoria Azarenka has pulled out of this year's US Open because of "ongoing family situation".
Tributes have been paid to a football player who was found dead in his hotel room in Liverpool.
People travelling on a bus in London are being encouraged to sing along to a piece of art which has been installed on the vehicle.
Aston Villa's winless run extended to seven games as two goals in the first half from Marko Arnautovic gave Stoke victory at Villa Park.
WhatsApp and similar applications make it possible for news organisations to reach the far-flung corners of the globe where other media are often blocked.
It's been a year of extreme weather in the UK, and it's only just begun.
Cambridge United will face Manchester United in the FA Cup quarter-finals after holding on for a 1-1 draw against the Premier League side.
France has called on Turkey to stop its offensive against Kurdish fighters in northern Syria, which has left more than 100 dead.
A man has been taken to hospital after a fire broke out at a house in Dundee.
Three men have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was shot dead outside a meat market.
Peterborough United manager Graham Westley believes his side are suffering from a "hangover" from their FA Cup semi-final defeat.
The Food Standards Agency (FSA) has lifted closures on 30 shellfish beds in Cornwall and Devon after tests showed no evidence of a public health risk.
The European Union has condemned as "provocative" a Russian move to extend its administrative border with Georgia in the Caucasus.
Pupils at my school took part in a minute's silence for the victims of the Charlie Hebdo attacks in Paris on Wednesday.
The European Union's Ebola mission has arrived in Ghana to set up its headquarters in the capital, Accra.
Rescue workers in Nepal have freed a boy from the rubble of a collapsed building in the capital, Kathmandu, where more than 7,000 people died in Sunday's earthquake.
Shares in health care companies rose after the US Supreme Court ruled that the healthcare law could be extended for another year.
The BBC will broadcast live commentary of Bridlington Town's FA Cup first-round tie against South Shields at Wembley.
At the end of last week's Champions League final in Paris, one of the world's most expensive footballers sent me a message.
Venezuela's opposition-held National Assembly has voted to accept the resignation of three suspended legislators.
Six people have been arrested on suspicion of human trafficking after a lorry was found in Bedfordshire.
Children who read often and read newspapers more than once a week are more likely to perform better in school, research suggests.
St Mirren's Ross Goodwin has been charged with violent conduct and faces a three-match ban.
For more than 2,000 years the Church of England has had exclusively male leaders.
The co-founder of Greggs bakery was an "abuser" who concealed his true nature behind a "veneer of respectability", a court has heard.
The Northern Ireland-based building materials firm Northstone has reported a fall in full-year profits.
Shopping centres in Kenya's capital, Nairobi, have increased the number of security guards in the wake of last month's terror attack at the Westgate shopping centre in the capital.
The US says it is training up to 1,000 fighters to fight the Islamic State group in Syria.
France is heading into uncharted waters after the first round of the presidential election on Sunday.
The funeral of a DJ who went missing more than a year ago has been attended by thousands of mourners.
Relatives of Adam Lanza, the 20-year-old gunman who killed 26 people at a school in Newtown, Connecticut, say he was a "challenge" to his family.
Ireland's women ended their World League 2 campaign with a 3-0 win over Great Britain in Belfast on Sunday.
A health trust has pleaded guilty to failing to provide safe care and treatment after a patient fell from a hospital roof.
Two men have been arrested on suspicion of possessing a firearm and ammunition during a police operation in Luton.
It has been a year and a half since the UK voted to leave the European Union, triggering a period of economic pain for the country.
UKIP and the Liberal Democrats have clashed over the issue of immigration and the NHS.
Milos Raonic beat Roger Federer 6-4 6-3 to win the Brisbane International for the second time.
Morecambe came from behind to beat Mansfield and end a run of three straight defeats.
Police are hunting two masked men who carried out a "vicious attack" on a man at his home in Kilmarnock.
Former Rangers manager Sir Alex Ferguson says Andy Halliday outshone Scott Brown in the key moments of the 2-2 draw at Ibrox.
Newport County's board decided to sack manager Graham Westley because of the club's poor run of form, says chairman David Foxall.
The parents of a 47-year-old woman murdered in Mauritius have written to the family of their daughter asking them not to attend her funeral.
Most voters in England will not be able to name any of their local councillors when they go to the polls in May, a survey suggests.
The news that Jeremy Clarkson is to leave Top Gear has been met with a mixture of disappointment and praise in the UK and around the world.
A teacher at a school at the centre of the so-called Trojan Horse affair has been banned from teaching for life.
League Two side Cheltenham Town have signed former Wales defender David Davies on a one-year deal.
Exercise can boost the size of an area of the brain that helps us remember things, a study suggests.
There was a "gross systemic failure" in the care provided to a man who took his own life at Port Erin Hospital, an inquest has heard.
A British student who was stranded in Nepal for more than 24 hours has been given a drink and a Snickers bar by embassy staff.
Britain's Andy Murray will face British number three Liam Broady in the first round of the Aegon Championships in Birmingham.
The UK's vote to leave the European Union has prompted calls for similar referendums in other EU countries.
A lorry driver and two accomplices have been jailed for trying to smuggle 26 people into the UK.
Prince Harry has performed the Haka in New Zealand, in what is thought to be the first royal performance of the dance.
Retailers need to change the way they promote healthy food if they are to help cut obesity levels, according to a new report.
Partick Thistle have launched an investigation into allegations of sexual abuse made against a former employee in the 1990s.
Residents of a traveller site in Essex say they have been threatened with legal action after a number of large lorries carrying concrete and mobile homes arrived at the site.
O2 owner Hutchison Whampoa has confirmed it is in talks with Vodafone over a possible £10bn deal.
Wales coach Robin McBryde says he expects "a few" of his players to be selected for the British and Irish Lions tour of New Zealand.
Scientists in Switzerland have developed a robot that can carry out complex tasks, such as carrying out surgery.
Two men have been jailed for fraud after posing as emergency services to sell adverts for non-existent magazines.
A fund has been set up to help Syrian refugees settle in to their new lives in Scotland.
With the new year just around the corner, many business leaders are already thinking about what they want to achieve in 2016.
Cornish Pirates back-row pair Alex Cheesman and Michael Morgan have signed new contracts with the club.
Thousands of people have taken part in a march calling for the future of Stafford Hospital.
A Flintshire man has shared a picture of himself with a colostomy bag after having surgery to treat a serious bowel condition.
US President Donald Trump has said he is considering removing monuments to George Washington, Thomas Jefferson and Robert E Lee from public spaces.
Councils in the East Midlands have asked the government for permission to build a new tram line between Derby and Nottingham.
Newport RFC shareholders have been asked to vote on whether the Welsh Rugby Union (WRU) should take over the club.
Hundreds of people have taken part in the Beltane Fire Festival in Dumfries and Galloway.
The first homes to be built for soldiers moving to a new base in Staffordshire have been unveiled.
Tesla's Autopilot feature was not to blame for the death of a 19-year-old Californian in a crash last year, a report has found.
Ugandan Prime Minister Yoweri Museveni's official website has been taken over by hackers, the BBC has learned.
The front pages of Friday's newspapers feature a number of stories about illegal weapons being brought into Northern Ireland.
Sri Lanka fast bowler Rangana Herath has signed a one-year contract extension, keeping him with the country until the end of the 2017 season.
A 70-year-old man has died after being hit by a car in central London.
Saudi Arabia has said a new law allowing 9/11 victims' families to sue the US government will have a "negative impact on all nations".
A drilling rig which ran aground in the Western Isles is to be taken to Malta for repairs.
Six people have been arrested in Pakistan on suspicion of murdering a Christian couple in a suspected blasphemy case.
A UN-backed unity government has been announced in Libya, but MPs from rival camps have dismissed it as "a joke".
Christmas can be a stressful time for many of us, whether it's the stress of buying presents for family and friends, or the pressure of trying to keep up with the family.
A former American football star who was serving a life sentence for killing his former cellmate has taken his own life in prison.
There has been a sharp rise in the number of police shootings in England and Wales in the past year, the police watchdog has said.
The sport's world governing body, the IAAF, is to end its sponsorship deal with German sportswear giant Adidas at the end of 2016.
Ireland and the Netherlands had to settle for a draw in a rain-affected one-day international in Dublin.
A man armed with a machete has stormed the home of Kenya's Deputy President William Ruto, wounding a police officer, police say.
A team of scientists from the US and Japan have been searching for life in the deepest part of the ocean.
A judge in the US has ordered genetic tests on six people who claim to be relatives of the late musician Prince.
A prominent Scottish independence campaigner has been arrested on suspicion of online harassment.
West Ham chairman David Sullivan and chief executive David Gold have rejected an offer from Monster Beverage for the club.
Alphabet, the parent company of Google, has reported a rise in revenue for the first quarter of the year, helped by strong advertising sales.
The new owners of a Dumfries engineering firm which went into administration last year have said they now have a full order book for the company.
A woman accused of defrauding an 86-year-old woman out of more than £1m has told a court she is a "woman of faith".
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a bus in Denbighshire.
Google Home, its voice-activated smart speaker, will be available in the UK from Monday.
A mother who was due to be deported to Nigeria with her two children has been given an overnight reprieve, her lawyer has said.
A UKIP councillor in Northern Ireland has been expelled from the party following a disciplinary meeting.
An Irish man has been shot dead in Spain while on holiday with his three children.
Edinburgh Zoo's giant panda Tian Tian is pregnant, it has been confirmed.
Wigan's League One survival hopes suffered a further blow as they were beaten by Ipswich Town at the DW Stadium.
Wigan Warriors prop Ben Flower has been given a 10-game ban for punching St Helens' Lance Hohaia in the Super League Grand Final.
Hungary says it will offer buses to hundreds of migrants who have escaped from Budapest's railway station.
Stoke City manager Mark Hughes says Chelsea midfielder Victor Moses could return to the Premier League club this season.
Ten-man Millwall missed the chance to move into the League One play-off places as they were beaten by Coventry City.
The Scottish government has accused the Conservatives of "inaccurate" and "misleading" claims about education funding.
A Dundee man jailed for life after being found guilty of rape has had his conviction quashed following an appeal.
The centenary of the Battle of the Somme has been marked with events in the Republic of Ireland and in France.
The Indiana Pacers will host the Denver Nuggets in a pre-season game at London's O2 Arena next month.
James Hennessy was a fisherman from Liverpool who travelled by car with his brother, Robert, who also died in the crash.
Grimsby ended a run of three straight defeats as they beat Mansfield, who were reduced to 10 men after manager Gary Evans was sent off.
Somalia's militant Islamist group al-Shabab has condemned President Mohamed Farmajo's amnesty for its fighters, saying it was a "political statement".
The construction firm JCB has ended its membership of the Confederation of British Industry (CBI).
Hundreds of foreign domestic workers in Hong Kong have staged a protest calling for better safety conditions for their compatriots.
Eoin Morgan's unbeaten half-century helped England to a seven-wicket victory over Australia in the third one-day international.
Millwall and Walsall played out a goalless draw at The Den.
Celtic have appointed Sean O'Driscoll as their new first-team coach on a two-year deal.
President Donald Trump has signed an executive order banning people from seven mainly Muslim countries from entering the United States.
The operation to police the riots in England and Wales in 2011 was "flawed", MPs have said.
The world of social media marketing is in a state of flux, with many companies struggling to keep up with the competition.
The UK is set to vote on whether or not it wants to stay in or leave the European Union.
A man who used his wife as a drug mule to help him evade jail has been jailed for 22 months.
For decades, Japanese knotweed has been a major problem in the UK.
Rents on beach huts in Dorset are set to rise by more than 10% over the next five years, the association that runs them has said.
A huge oil barge that crashed into a platform in the North Sea, forcing the evacuation of hundreds of workers, has sailed away from the site.
Easter is the time of year when many of us look forward to the prospect of finding a new reason to open our Easter eggs.
Plans to introduce a late-night levy in Liverpool have been rejected by the city council.
US President Barack Obama has apologised to the president of Medecins Sans Frontieres (MSF) for the bombing of its offices in Afghanistan last year that killed more than 100 people.
Johanna Shuker won her second British Open mixed doubles title in three years as she and her partner won in straight sets in Glasgow.
Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos has been awarded the Nobel Peace Prize for his efforts to end the country's 50-year armed conflict.
Wigan Warriors came from behind to beat Castleford Tigers in Super League for the second time this season.
Hibernian moved back to the top of the Scottish Championship with a hard-fought victory over St Johnstone.
Nottingham Forest have re-signed left-back Danny Wilson on a one-year deal.
Indian-Burmese businessman Sarlan is one of thousands of Burmese Tamils living in India, more than 50 years after fleeing their home country.
Children who grow up with "highly-conflicted" parents are more likely to have mental and physical health problems, a report has said.
The Scottish government has said it is "disappointed" by the UK government's decision to cancel a competition for carbon capture and storage technology.
The European Space Agency (ESA) has announced the launch of its new Galileo space navigation system.
The sister of a schoolgirl whose body was found in a canal 22 years ago has called for an end to the mystery of her disappearance.
Facebook has removed a post in which a man's name was put on a list of people who should be shot in west Belfast.
Gillingham manager Peter Taylor says he would be prepared to leave the League One club if chairman Paul Scally asked him to.
Gareth Bale says it would be an "amazing thing" for Wales to qualify for Euro 2016 after scoring the winner against Cyprus on Thursday.
The Prime Minister, David Cameron, has been visiting a school in London where children are learning a new language.
Antibiotic resistance is the biggest threat to patient safety in hospitals, according to the head of a charity that campaigns for better treatment of sepsis.
Work to build a cycle track on a nature reserve has been halted until a judicial review can take place.
Plans for a new £40m hospital in Somerset have been given the go-ahead by the coalition government.
A group of Commonwealth leaders has written to David Cameron urging him to stay in the European Union.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has "not shown any ability" to lead the party, shadow business secretary Yvette Cooper has said.
The line-up for this year's Glastonbury Festival has been announced, with Coldplay, Radiohead and Barry Gibb among the headliners.
A spectacular rainbow and lenticular clouds have been spotted over the north east of Scotland.
Former Watford and England manager Graham Taylor is to be honoured with a statue and a pre-season fixture.
Cornish Pirates head coach Gareth Davies says his side's "ill-discipline" cost them in their 24-21 defeat by Exeter.
Grimsby Town moved into the League Two play-off places thanks to goals from Adam Bogle and Kenneth Akinde in a 2-1 win over Barnet.
Sunderland striker Nacho Scocco has returned to Argentine side Newell's Old Boys on a season-long loan deal.
The UK's vote to leave the European Union has sent shockwaves across Europe, where Euroscepticism is on the rise.
Chennai has become the latest Indian city to get a metro system, with the first train running on Monday.
A number of fuel pods have been dumped in a field in south Armagh, County Armagh.
England all-rounder Ben Stokes has been recalled to the squad for the third one-day international against Pakistan.
Afghanistan beat Ireland by eight wickets in the first Twenty20 international in India on Wednesday.
The US astronaut who's been living on the International Space Station for more than a year is about to break a record for the longest single space shot.
A red kite has been shot dead in North Yorkshire, the sixth bird to be killed in the region in the past two months.
A man known as " PlutoPete" and his accomplice have been jailed for their part in a £1.5m drug trafficking operation.
Ireland pair Brian O'Driscoll and Johnny Sexton have been named in the starting line-up for Sunday's Six Nations match against England in Dublin.
(Close): London's leading shares closed higher on Thursday, following a strong lead from other European markets after a deal was struck on a bailout for Greece.
Margaret Thatcher was the prime minister of the United Kingdom from 1979 until her death in 2013.
Russia's decision to send surface-to-air missiles to Syria is an "ill-timed and very unfortunate" move, a top US military commander has said.
Banksy has denied claims his website may have been hacked to make it easier to buy tickets for an exhibition in Weston-super-Mare.
Ed Miliband has resigned as leader of the Labour Party following the party's election defeat.
Five cats have died after eating antifreeze, the RSPCA has said.
Exeter Chiefs' director of rugby has expressed concern over the legal action brought against the club by South Africa's Marcell Coetzee.
Retailers in Singapore have been told to stop buying products from Indonesian firms suspected of contributing to a haze caused by forest fires.
Venezuela's Vice-President Nicolas Maduro has given the first state of the union address since the Supreme Court ruled that President Hugo Chavez could not be re-elected.
The US Supreme Court has said it will take up a case that could pave the way for gay marriage in all 50 states.
The mood among England fans ahead of Saturday's World Cup qualifier against Italy is "confident", according to a new study.
Tory MP Zac Goldsmith has been chosen as the party's candidate for London mayor in May's election.
The widow of a man who was killed in a car crash has said she is "speechless" after his body was stolen during a break-in at their home.
David Mullins rode Rule The World to victory in the Grand National at Aintree for the first time.
The head teacher of a primary school has been suspended after he was fined for taking his children on term-time holidays.
The father of Henry Surtees has urged world champion Lewis Hamilton to rethink his opposition to the 'halo' head protection system.
Archaeologists, geoscientists and maritime experts are to work together on a new project to assess the impact of climate change on Welsh islands.
We want your help to improve the quality of our programmes and websites.
Championship side Blackburn Rovers have appointed former Oldham Athletic boss Gary Dunn as their new first-team coach.
The Grammy Awards are one of the biggest awards in the world of music.
Pernod Ricard, the world's biggest distiller of Scotch whisky, has reported "challenging" sales in China and India.
News Corp, the owner of The Wall Street Journal and Harper Collins, has reported a loss for the first three months of the year.
China's state-run newspapers have gone on the offensive in the wake of the UN tribunal's ruling on the South China Sea.
There were "lost opportunities" to give a premature baby earlier medical care before his death when tests were not carried out, a coroner has said.
An appeal to raise money for a BBC Radio Derby presenter who has skin cancer has reached its £50,000 target.
A football fan who conned two people out of £1,000 by promising them tickets to the World Cup has been ordered to pay back the money.
A woman has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a young boy was found dead at a house in south-east London.
A student who hung himself from the Cenotaph during a protest against tuition fees did not know it was there, a court has heard.
A man who tried to behead a doctor in a Tesco store has been jailed for life.
At least 36 people have been killed and more than 100 wounded in a series of bomb attacks in Iraq, officials say.
Austria has announced a cap on the number of asylum seekers it will take in this year, as it struggles to cope with the migrant crisis.
David Beckham's bid to set up his own Major League Soccer team in Miami has been given the go-ahead by the league's commissioner.
Actress Tippi Hedren has spoken out for the first time about the alleged sexual harassment she says she suffered from Alfred Hitchcock.
Doctors in the United Arab Emirates (UAE) say they are treating an obese Egyptian woman who was discharged from an Indian hospital last week.
A video showing the Queen and her mother giving a Nazi salute has been released by a newspaper.
Lewis Hamilton says he has been inspired by boxing legend Muhammad Ali as he bids to beat Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg in the world title race.
The winter of 2014-15 was the wettest on record in the UK, according to new research.
Voters are going to the polls in one of the UK's most tightly contested council elections on Thursday.
World number one Novak Djokovic was beaten in straight sets by Stan Wawrinka in the French Open final.
Durham were bowled out for 156 by Yorkshire on day one of their County Championship match at Chester-le-Street.
Swansea City midfielder Neil Taylor is likely to miss the rest of the season after breaking his ankle in Saturday's 1-1 draw with Sunderland.
The BBC has learned that a panel of experts set up by the coalition government last year recommended a general ban on so-called legal highs in England and Wales.
Morocco's Football Association (FMRFF) has banned fans from the next five Raja Casablanca matches after clashes between rival supporters following a match on Saturday.
Zimbabweans gathered in the capital, Harare, for the country's annual Heroes' Day parade.
Rangers' former Accrington Stanley striker Josh Windass is targeting more goals this season after scoring his first for the club in pre-season.
A New Zealand-based rocket company has successfully launched its first rocket into space.
Overtime payments to NHS consultants in Scotland have risen by more than a third in the past year, according to figures obtained by the BBC.
A new exercise could help reduce the risk of children getting hurt when playing rugby.
Rescue teams in Indonesia are searching for more people who may have been killed by an eruption of the Mount Sinabung volcano on Saturday.
On 23 June last year the UK voted to leave the European Union and Prime Minister David Cameron announced that he would seek to renegotiate the terms of the deal.
Liverpool defender Mamadou Sakho has been cleared by Uefa after failing a drugs test.
The general election will take place on 8 June and Wales will be one of the key battlegrounds.
There should be no stigma attached to children having basic rights to food, Scotland's children's commissioner has said.
An NHS trust has apologised to the family of a teenager who took her own life after being told there was a waiting list for specialist mental health treatment.
Drivers caught speeding should not be penalised, a motoring group has said, after a police panel recommended a rise in the cost of a course.
The US military academy at West Point has said it is "deeply saddened" by reports that cadets were injured in a mass brawl in August.
The rights of gay people, people of African descent and people of other ethnic groups are among the issues on which Brazil's parliament is debating.
The Batmobile, the car that played the role of Batman in the 1960s TV series, has been sold at auction in the US for $1.5m (roughly £1.1m).
A bill to make it easier for the Home Office to deport foreign criminals has been unveiled by the government.
On the eve of the first round of the French presidential election, a powerful speech was delivered in the centre of Paris by the country's far-right leader.
World number one Mark Selby cruised into the second round of the UK Championship with a 10-0 victory over Barry O'Brien.
Hundreds of people have attended the funeral of a former Barnsley footballer who played in the club's first team.
An energy company has been ordered to pay £1.6m in compensation after customers complained of delays and poor service.
Nico Rosberg extended his lead at the top of the World Championship to seven points with victory in the Chinese Grand Prix as Mercedes' Lewis Hamilton finished ninth.
A man has denied killing a man whose body was found in a lake in Millom, Cumbria.
Manchester City striker Mario Balotelli has completed his move to Fiorentina for an undisclosed fee.
Shares in the world's biggest carmaker have fallen sharply after it was found to have used software to cheat emissions tests in the US.
Kilmarnock left-back Scott Samson has left the Scottish Championship club by mutual consent.
Andy Murray and his wife Kim Sears are expecting their first child, BBC Scotland understands.
French Top 14 side Toulon have made an approach to the Premiership about playing in the Super Rugby competition.
A time capsule containing a newspaper, a scroll and a bottle from 1894 has been found during the construction of a new road bridge.
The E3 gaming show is taking place in Los Angeles, America, and it's all about virtual reality.
A Chinese woman's claim that her husband divorced her because of her "fat face" has become a trending topic on social media.
Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas has said the Vatican's recognition of Palestinian statehood marks a significant step towards peace with Israel.
A 15-year-old boy has been charged in connection with a hare coursing incident in Dalkeith in March.
The shortlist for the 2016 Dylan Thomas Prize for Young Authors has been announced.
Thousands of South Africans have taken to the streets of Cape Town to demand the resignation of President Jacob Zuma.
Former cabinet minister Chris Huhne was given a special pass to Parliament after he was jailed for speeding, it has emerged.
A worker was contaminated with radiation during an exercise at Devonport naval base last year, the Ministry of Defence has said.
A man has been found not guilty of sexual activity with a child in Nottingham.
Microsoft has announced a new Minecraft-powered education tool, which it says will be available in the coming months.
Robbie Keane says he and Republic of Ireland boss Martin O'Neill are "happy to stay on" as assistant managers.
Cardiff City head coach Neil Trollope says he is willing to listen to offers for "a few players" in the January transfer window.
The head of the Bank of Scotland has said the UK should hold a referendum on whether or not to stay in the European Union.
The president of the European Council has said the UK will not be able to negotiate the terms of its exit from the EU at the same time as talks on trade and other issues.
Three teenagers have been charged in connection with a serious assault in Dumbarton in which four people were injured.
An investigation is under way into a fire which broke out at a former pub in Powys.
Universities in Wales are being urged to stop students using plagiarism sites on their coursework.
A man accused of plotting a knife attack in Hounslow, south London, sent a "dirty" image of a police officer to friends, a court has heard.
Aberdeenshire council has said it will consider plans to install wind turbines at Donald Trump's golf resort in the Highlands.
The so-called Islamic State (IS) has lost control of its last major stronghold in Iraq, Mosul, according to sources who have been working in the city for months.
Mamadou Diouf scored a late equaliser as Stoke City came from behind to draw at Chelsea.
A man has been charged in connection with the death of another man at a caravan park in Dorset.
The line-up for this year's Wickerman Festival has been announced, with Dizzee Rascal among the first acts to be confirmed.
The number of Scottish bank branches closing or earmarked for closure has risen by more than a third in the past year, according to research.
Plans to overhaul the way banks are run have been approved by regulators.
The UK economy grew by 0.7% in the first three months of the year, official figures have shown, helped by a sharp rise in industrial output.
A woman who died after her car was involved in a collision with a lorry in Aberdeen has been named by police.
Stock markets in China and Hong Kong hit fresh record highs on Monday, despite disappointing trade data.
India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi has announced the withdrawal of 500 and 1,000 rupee notes from circulation.
A cyclist who sexually assaulted a woman on a footpath in Bournemouth could be linked to two similar attacks, police have said.
David Haye and Tony Bellew have traded insults in the build-up to their heavyweight world title fight on Saturday.
Two climbers have been killed in the French Alps while attempting to climb one of the world's highest mountains.
Parents of young drivers can now set a speed limit on their car to help keep them safe.
The fossilised footprints of a new species of reptile have been discovered in the Pyrenees in Spain.
Kent director of cricket John Kennedy has left the club by mutual consent after a "difficult" season.
An Indian MP has been banned from all Air India flights after he was accused of hitting a duty manager with a sandal.
At the end of last year, more than 1,000 people were killed in an attack on a refugee camp in north-eastern Algeria.
Boris Johnson was one of the most outspoken critics of Donald Trump during the US election campaign.
Obesity in teenagers increases the risk of developing colorectal cancer, according to a study.
Former Labour leader Tony Blair has said it is a "tragedy" for the party to be in the position it is in.
One of the "poshest outdoor privies in the country" has been restored and opened to the public.
President Hassan Rouhani is one of the most moderate politicians in the world, but he is also a fierce critic of Iran's hardliners.
Wales manager Chris Coleman says his late father would have been "ecstatic" to see him reach the semi-finals of Euro 2016.
NHS bosses have extended the closure of three urgent care centres in the north of England.
When I first moved to Moscow in the early 1990s, I used to go to the Kremlin every day and read up on what was going on in the Kremlin.
Workers in London have the longest commutes in the UK, according to a study by the TUC.
Pet owners are calling for a change in the law to make it compulsory for all animals to be microchipped.
3D printing is revolutionising the way we make things, from clothes to furniture to food.
Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho has held talks about a new contract with the Premier League champions.
Retailer Brantano has been placed into administration, with the loss of more than 200 jobs.
The jury in the trial of a man accused of murdering his parents in the Republic of Ireland has retired to consider its verdict.
Borussia Dortmund coach Borussia Monchengladbach's final game in charge ended in a 3-1 defeat by Wolfsburg in the German Cup final.
The mother of a girl who took her own life has called for the full report into her daughter's death to be published.
Google has released the first draft of the next version of its Android operating system.
The board of the Berlin Philharmonic has failed to agree on a successor to the orchestra's outgoing chief conductor.
St Peter's of Londonderry will face St Mary's of Wexford in the Hogan Cup final after a 2-13 to 2-11 semi-final win in Monaghan on Saturday.
Aldershot Town have appointed former Wycombe Wanderers and QPR boss David Waddock as their new manager on a two-year deal.
The Conservatives say they will introduce a cap on electricity prices, if they win the general election.
The 2016 Olympic and Paralympic Games have got under way in Rio.
A man has been left in a coma after being attacked on a dual carriageway.
Argentina's presidential election will go to a run-off next month after no candidate secured a majority of votes.
UKIP leader Nigel Farage has predicted his party will make a "breakthrough" in the assembly elections on 5 May.
A campaign has been launched against plans to demolish Jersey's historic airport terminal to make way for a new car park.
League One side Southend United have signed former Charlton Athletic striker Jordan Houghton on a two-year deal.
Plans to build a 15,000-seater entertainment arena in Bristol are set to be unveiled later.
Police in Colombia have seized a number of luxury huts in the north-western province of Uraba, near the border with Ecuador.
A dog has been found " unscratched" at the bottom of a huge sinkhole at a golf course in the Highlands.
Shares in Tesco fell more than 5% after the supermarket giant reported a fall in full-year pre-tax profit to £145m.
Mansfield Town have signed former Crewe Alexandra and Lincoln City striker Jordan Oliver on a one-month loan deal.
A Polish journalist who was expelled from Russia says he is taking his cat with him when he returns to Poland.
The UN has accused the Venezuelan security forces of using "excessive force" against protesters since a wave of anti-government protests began in April.
Three British-built satellites have sent back a series of stunning images of the Earth from space.
A World War Two veteran from Carmarthenshire has been awarded France's highest military honour after a campaign by his family.
League Two side Grimsby Town have agreed a deal to sign Mansfield Town midfielder Ben Davies.
Plans to cut the number of councils in Wales are "not an option", the leader of the Welsh Liberal Democrats has said.
London Irish scrum-half Ross Ford has been given a two-week ban after pleading guilty to a charge of violent conduct.
The Iranian government has ordered social media firms to provide encrypted messaging services for its citizens.
Olympic gold medallist Ben Ainslie says he wants to challenge for the America's Cup in the future.
The idea of using images to sign on to a computer or tablet has been described as a "game-changer".
A man has appeared in court charged with wounding after another man died in hospital following an incident in Grimsby.
China has accused Japan of breaking its pacifist constitution after it approved controversial new security laws.
Rafael Benitez's first game in charge of Chelsea ended in defeat as Southampton came from behind to draw at Stamford Bridge.
Hampshire all-rounder Craig Young has been ruled out of Ireland's two-match one-day series against Sri Lanka because of a hamstring injury.
The fossilised remains of a reptile found in South Yorkshire have been identified as a new species.
Scotland's Katie Archibald won the women's individual time trial at the UCI Track Cycling World Cup in Abu Dhabi.
The number of fans attending Scottish football matches has risen for the first time in more than a decade.
An appeal has been launched to raise £1m for the restoration of the Alexandra Palace Theatre in London.
A huge sinkhole has opened up in the middle of a golf course in Australia.
The number of people who registered to vote twice in the general election has risen to more than 100,000, the electoral watchdog has said.
Plymouth Flyers will play in the BBL Play-offs for the first time after beating Manchester Force on Sunday to secure eighth place.
Ospreys' hopes of reaching the European Champions Cup quarter-finals suffered a blow as a late try by Taulupe Matavesi earned Racing 92 a draw at Liberty Stadium.
A five-year-old boy with a rare form of cancer has been told he has less than a year to live.
The 2022 World Cup in Qatar should be held in November and December, a Fifa taskforce has recommended.
(Close): The pound fell against the dollar and the euro after the US Department of Justice sued Barclays for alleged mortgage securities fraud.
A Northern Ireland woman has failed in her bid to become the first person to give the time on the BT 123 speaking clock.
Italy have appointed former Torino boss Vincenzo Ventura as Antonio Conte's successor after Euro 2016.
The mother of murdered toddler James Bulger has said she will continue to fight for his release from prison.
League Two side Cheltenham Town have signed Leyton Orient midfielder Mathieu Atangana on a one-year deal.
Batsman Nick Compton says he is an "intense performer" and is "far off" cementing his place in England's Test side.
Three teenagers have appeared in court in the US state of North Carolina charged with the murder of an Australian student.
Imagine going to school and being greeted by one of the world's best-selling authors.
Wales scrum-half Rhys Webb has been ruled out of the Rugby World Cup because of a knee injury.
Ebola was the most popular search term on Google in 2014, according to the search giant.
Cornish Pirates director of rugby Steve Cattle says his side's performance in their bonus-point win over Leinster in the European Challenge Cup must be improved.
A woman with a rare condition that leaves her unable to walk is to marry a man she met online.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has ordered a review of the country's relations with the United Nations.
The European Court of Human Rights has ruled in favour of Lithuania in a case brought by former President Dalia Paksas, who was removed from office in 2004.
Arsenal maintained their 100% start to the Premier League season with a comfortable victory over Watford at Emirates Stadium.
The Met Office has issued a yellow "be aware" warning for rain across south and mid Wales on Monday.
The number of people in the UK who have suffered a miscarriage has reached a record high of more than 10,000, according to a new report.
Cerberus, the US private equity firm that bought Nama's Northern Ireland loan portfolio, was told it could get access to the executive via a Belfast law firm, a committee has heard.
Ayr United maintained their unbeaten start to the Championship season with a hard-fought victory over Dunfermline Athletic.
Former Scottish First Minister Jack McConnell has revealed he fell down a drain during a visit to Malawi.
An inmate has died at HMP Elmley, the second to do so in the space of a month, the Prison Association has said.
A man who posed as a court clerk to get out of prison has been jailed for three years and four months.
The chief executives of Carmarthenshire council and Dyfed-Powys Police have been criticised in a report by the Auditor General for Wales.
A driver caught speeding on a dual carriageway near Rotherham has been fined 150% of his weekly income.
The European Court of Justice has ruled that EU nationals living in the UK should have the same rights as those living elsewhere in the EU.
Former EastEnders star Barbara Windsor has died after a short illness.
Virtual reality (VR) has been used for many years to capture the world around us in 3D.
Satisfaction with the student experience at Welsh universities has risen for the third year in a row, according to a survey.
Police in the German city of Cologne are preparing for its first New Year's Eve celebrations since a wave of sex attacks in the city in December.
The Northern Ireland Assembly is to meet for the first time in more than a year to discuss the use of public money.
A black woman has said she was turned away from a nightclub on her 24th birthday because she was "not good enough or white enough".
The number of young people in foster care in Scotland is at an all-time high, according to a new report.
A man and two friends who tackled a burglar have been given an award for their bravery by police.
Thousands of EU nationals living in London should be given a visa to stay after Brexit, according to the city's chamber of commerce.
Derby County captain Andy Keogh has signed a new three-year contract with the Championship club.
Workers at drinks giant Diageo have voted in favour of strike action in a dispute over pensions.
The Belfast to Dublin high-speed train is to return to service on Wednesday, Translink has said.
Indonesia's highest Islamic authority has issued a fatwa calling on the government to reduce the number of child brides.
A baseball coach in Venezuela has called for the sport to be banned because of the country's economic crisis.
Boris Johnson has refused to rule out the possibility of the UK paying to remain in the European single market after Brexit.
The organisers of the Rock am Ring music festival in Germany have cancelled the event after a lightning strike left at least eight people injured.
India's parliament has approved a new law that will increase the jail term for juvenile offenders from two to five years.
Three people have appeared in court charged with disposing or concealing Becky Watts' body parts.
The mother of a boy who was kicked off an EasyJet flight at Heathrow Airport has said she is "disgusted" by the airline's actions.
A woman who campaigned for the polio vaccine in the 1950s has been honoured by the charity that supported her.
Nigel Farage has been re-elected as UKIP leader, the party has announced.
Plans to build a new country park in Gedling have been given the go-ahead after a council leader said the site of a former coal mine was "too dangerous".
A High Court ruling that the Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) failed in its legal duty to stop illegal loyalist parades in 2012 has been challenged at the UK Supreme Court.
Labour has backed the government's plan to cut the deficit by £1.5tn over the next five years.
A 19-year-old man has died after being hit by a car in North Yorkshire.
The family of a man stabbed to death in a Newport supported housing hostel have been given a copy of a report into his death.
Lancashire's Championship match against Somerset was abandoned without a ball being bowled because of a waterlogged pitch.
More than 1,000 schools in England are considered to be failing, according to the latest results from the Department for Education.
A woman who painted her west London home in red and white stripes has gone to court in a bid to overturn a council ban on basements.
The US Department of Defence has said it will recall nearly all of its civilian employees to work during the government shutdown.
A Dartmoor pony group has said it is considering introducing a meat trade in a bid to save the breed from extinction.
Brazilian airline Latam has suspended its flights to the Venezuelan capital, Caracas, because of a dispute with the government.
Six men have been charged with causing death by dangerous driving after four people were killed in a crash in West Yorkshire.
Spanish police have arrested a man suspected of being part of the so-called Pink Panther jewellery gang, which has carried out hundreds of robberies.
Rochdale held off a late Scunthorpe fightback to secure a 3-2 victory at the Crown Oil Arena.
Glasgow City Council is to hold a special meeting to discuss the future of a contract with a private company to carry out maintenance work on the council's buildings.
An Indian Merchant Navy captain has won an international award for her role in the rescue of six fishermen who were stranded at sea for a week.
The final day of the first Test between England and Sri Lanka at Lord's was the best day of cricket I have ever seen.
A new CBBC show is asking children if they think it's better to help or punish bullies.
Surrey captain Gareth Batty has signed a new one-year contract with the Division One club.
Cameroon suffered a shock 3-2 defeat by Germany in their opening Group C match at the Confederations Cup in Russia.
The new Royal Navy flagship will be based in Portsmouth, the defence secretary has said during a visit to the city.
The contract to supply the trains for the HS2 high-speed rail project has been awarded to Arriva Trains Wales.
The Ulster Bank is to sell off about £15m of loans to farmers in the Republic of Ireland.
Former Labour deputy leader Harriet Harman has been speaking to BBC Radio 4's Today programme about women's rights in the European Union.
A woman has admitted inciting her pet dog to attack another woman after she fell out with her.
A 17-year-old boy arrested in connection with a crash in Caerphilly county in which two teenagers died has been released without charge.
England have named three uncapped players in their squad for next month's Six Nations.
The genomes of the last woolly mammoths and Asiatic cheetahs were in a state of "genomic meltdown" when they died out.
Actor and Shakespearean actor John Johnson has died at the age of 89.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of rape after a woman was sexually assaulted in Belfast city centre.
The names of more than 100 soldiers who trained on Salisbury Plain during World War One have been uncovered.
A commemorative mosaic has been unveiled at Rotterdam Cathedral to mark the role of RAF Bomber Command in saving thousands of lives during World War Two.
Restrictions on the number of fast food restaurants within 400m of schools in Kent are being introduced in a bid to tackle obesity.
Lego has ended its promotional deal with the Daily Mail following pressure from a campaign group called Stop Funding Hate.
Scientists in the US say they have found a drug that could revolutionise the treatment of HIV.
A man accused of trying to smuggle ricin into the UK in a toy car was motivated by "pushing the boundaries" of technology, a court has heard.
Plaid Cymru has set out its "most ambitious programme for government to date" in its manifesto for the 2016 assembly election.
The Essex town of Harlow is celebrating its 70th birthday.
Sale Sharks are in talks with "four or five" international players about a move to the club, says director of rugby Steve Diamond.
Greece captain Panos Karagounis has retired from international football after his side's World Cup exit in Brazil.
Ayr United and St Mirren played out a goalless draw in Scottish League Cup Group G at Firhill.
A daredevil motorcyclist has pulled off one of the most amazing stunts you've ever seen.
Hundreds of people have taken to the streets of Motherwell and Cambuslang to protest against Tata Steel's plans to mothball two of its plants.
Two of the UK's biggest YouTube stars have told Newsbeat they don't think it's too much to ask for video clips to be labelled as sponsored.
The family of a seven-year-old boy with severe autism have said they are still waiting for him to be placed at a special school.
Ukrainian opposition leaders and President Viktor Yanukovych have signed a deal aimed at ending months of protests.
In our series of letters from African journalists, French illustrator and writer Laurent Sanguinetti takes a look at the Australian political scene.
An investigation into historical sexual and physical abuse at children's homes in Gloucestershire has widened to include more than 80 suspected offenders.
Police have said the death of a man at a hotel in Dundee is not being treated as suspicious.
British and Irish Lions wing George North and full-back Robbie Henshaw have been ruled out of the rest of the New Zealand tour with injuries.
Reading midfielder Krisztian Rakels has joined Polish side Lech Poznan on a season-long loan deal.
It's lunchtime and Lana Del Rey has just arrived at the BBC's headquarters in central London.
The US has been gripped by a wave of protests over the killing of unarmed black men by the police.
The government says it will consult on plans to give Ofsted more powers to close unregistered schools in England.
The Women's Super League One season gets under way this weekend with Manchester City Women taking on Birmingham City Ladies at the Etihad Stadium.
British number two Aljaz Bedene says he wants to represent Great Britain at the 2016 Olympics in Rio.
Spain's Alberto Rodriguez has announced he will retire from cycling at the end of the Tour de France.
A Londonderry woman who was made redundant from her job as a community support worker has won her case at the Court of Appeal.
Iain Duncan Smith has just told me that staying in the EU puts us at increased risk of terrorist attacks.
Martin Dunlop will miss this weekend's Ulster Grand Prix at Dundrod as he recovers from a serious crash last year.
Leeds United chairman Massimo Cellino has been "supportive" during the club's recent poor run of form, says chief executive Steve Raynor.
In the early days of her career as a fitness trainer in London's West End, Victoria Wood was known as the "baby jogger" for her love of running.
WBA super-bantamweight champion Guillermo Rigondeaux will defend his title against Anthony Dickens at London's O2 Arena on 5 March.
The Irish government has said it will stop selling its Certificate of Irish Heritage after less than half a million people applied.
More than 100 sheep have been stolen from a farm in Dumfries and Galloway.
Newly-crowned WBO heavyweight champion Joseph Parker was outclassed by Adrian Cojanu in the first defence of his title.
US President Donald Trump has made a series of policy reversals in his first week in office.
Jockey AP McCoy won the Champion Chase at Cheltenham for the second time in three years as he rode Strictly Come Dancing to victory in the Betfair Chase.
Scarlets have said they are "fully committed to eradicating discrimination" after a photo of Gareth Williams dressed as a black man was posted on social media.
An Australian man whose Facebook account was shut down after he complained about being called "Phoo Da Bi" has said he is "very grateful" for the support.
Tesco has agreed to buy the Giraffe restaurant chain for an undisclosed sum in a bid to boost its leisure and dining business.
A photographer who posed as a taxi passenger for more than 100 people to see if they would take him to the festival is to go on display.
The bodies of 12 Syrian migrants have washed up on a Turkish beach after their boats sank while trying to cross the Aegean Sea.
Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal blamed "Murphy's Law" for his side's 2-1 defeat by FC Copenhagen.
The trading standards system in England and Wales is "as strong as its weakest link", a leading expert has said.
Three people have been charged in connection with an alleged Unicef fundraising scam in Cardiff.
Portsmouth chief executive Michael Eisner is set to become the club's new chairman, BBC Radio Solent understands.
The International Rescue Committee and Doctors of the World have called for urgent action at a migrant camp on the Greek island of Lesbos where three people have died in recent days.
The skeleton of a stegosaur, one of the most famous dinosaurs of all time, has been digitally reconstructed by scientists.
A former Volkswagen executive has pleaded guilty in the US in connection with the carmaker's rigging of emissions tests.
More than a quarter of cancers in the world are caused by infections, a study suggests.
David Cameron has urged Turkey to do more to stop British jihadists travelling to Syria and Iraq.
British astronaut Tim Peake has been talking to Newsround about his time in space.
BBC Radio 1 has announced a new "sub bench" of presenters to mark the station's 50th birthday.
At least eight whales have died after stranding themselves on rocks on the Isle of Wight.
The Saudi-led coalition fighting Houthi rebels in Yemen has been carrying out air strikes since 25 March, with the aim of driving the rebels from the country.
BBC Radio 4 has a tradition of commissioning new programmes that are often quite unusual.
Irn Bru maker AG Barr has announced plans to cut the sugar content of its soft drinks by more than a third.
Facebook has confirmed that one of its board members will remain with the company, despite his role in buying the news website Gawker.
A bid has been launched to rebuild one of the UK's most famous robots at the National History Museum in London.
A television ad in El Salvador has warned of the dangers posed by Mexican drug cartels, who have been operating in the country for years.
Great Britain's winter sports will receive a £10m boost from UK Sport following their success at the 2014 Winter Olympics in Russia.
Manchester Storm secured their first Elite League win of the season with a 2-1 victory over Manchester Storm at the SSE Arena.
A cyclist's death should not be investigated by police in England and Wales, the former head of the Met Police has said.
Moors Murderer Ian Brady will not face charges over a letter he gave to a victim's mother, prosecutors have said.
Portsmouth and 10-man Carlisle played out a goalless draw at Fratton Park.
Physicists have found that the electron, one of the most important particles in the Universe, is not perfectly round.
The media should not be allowed to report comments made in Parliament without the permission of the House of Commons, the attorney general has said.
A student who was seriously injured when he fell through a skylight at a college has been awarded £50,000 in damages.
Germany's Andre Greipel won the opening stage of the Tour of Britain as Manxman Mark Cavendish crashed out of the race.
An investigation has been launched after a woman was issued with a parking charge while still in bed.
Plans for a £25m revamp of one of Glasgow's busiest roads have been unveiled.
A song has been released in South Africa urging people to unite in the wake of recent attacks on foreigners in the country.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman was found dead at a house in Worcestershire.
It has been another day of high drama in the debate over the Welsh government's proposed budget for universities.
The BBC has been cleared by its Trust of breaking rules over an opinion piece by BBC Natural History correspondent Richard Packham in The Field.
The Cleveland Indians beat the Chicago Cubs 2-1 to level the best-of-seven World Series at 2-2.
A fundraising campaign set up by former Coronation Street actress Helen Bracknell, who has terminal lung cancer, has raised more than £100,000 in a matter of days.
Leicester missed the chance to go top of the Premier League as they were held to a goalless draw by West Ham.
China is the world's second-largest economy and one of the most influential countries in the world.
The Queen's official 90th birthday will be celebrated with a street party in the centre of London on Saturday.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England - the gallery will grow during the week.
Scientists in the US have developed an algorithm that can predict when a robot is going to fall.
The idea of a national identity card for all UK citizens was first mooted in the early 1990s.
New Celtic manager Brendan Rodgers has met the club's players for the first time since taking charge.
US Attorney General Loretta Lynch has said an investigation into corruption at Fifa is "not limited" to football.
Wales head coach Warren Gatland will not replace Stuart Lancaster as England head coach, according to former British and Irish Lions captain Gareth Thomas.
US President Donald Trump has said he is "vindicated" by former FBI director James Comey's testimony about his firing.
Former Respect MP George Galloway has been reported to police for allegedly discussing voting while polls were open in the Bradford West by-election.
A road in Cornwall which was closed for more than a year after a landslide is to be re-opened.
A video game based on one of the world's most popular wrestling traditions has been launched at the E3 tech show in Los Angeles.
A man has been jailed for eight months for failing to give money raised for a cancer charity to the family of a boy who died.
Former Australian Treasurer Joe Hockey has been appointed as Australia's ambassador to the United States.
The economy minister, Simon Hamilton, has submitted a plan for dealing with the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scheme.
Police investigating the disappearance of toddler Ben Needham in 1991 have said they believe he was killed by a digger.
A man has been airlifted to hospital after falling from a balcony in Brighton.
Northern Ireland's Graeme McDowell carded a three-over-par 75 on the second day of the Dubai Desert Classic to slip down the leaderboard.
A bridge where padlocks were fastened to cables in an apparent act of love is to be removed.
Lewis Hamilton says he is prepared to lose the Formula 1 world title to Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg in the final round of the season.
A man has been charged with murder after a man was found with serious injuries in a car in Oxford.
A dog has died after getting into difficulty in the River Tay in Perthshire.
Police in the Australian state of Victoria have warned of a "clown purge" similar to incidents in the US, where "killer clowns" have been spotted.
Durham Jets beat Leicestershire by seven wickets on a rain-hit opening day of the T20 Blast at Grace Road.
South Africa's bowlers dominated the first day of the third Test against India as the visitors were bowled out for 200.
The number of people switching energy suppliers in the UK hit a record high in the first half of 2016.
There is a "big yawning gap" between girls and boys when it comes to being physically active, a study suggests.
Bisphosphonates - the main treatment for osteoporosis - may make bones more fragile and increase the risk of fractures, a study suggests.
St Mirren have signed Dundee United striker Cammy Smith on loan until the end of the season.
Power has been reconnected to more than 1,000 customers left without electricity after flooding in Greater Manchester on Saturday.
Transport for London (TfL) is to stop issuing cash-only tickets on its buses from 1 July.
Edinburgh are to play their home matches at Myreside for the next two seasons.
Glasgow-based department store chain Watt's has announced plans to create up to 100 new jobs over the next three years.
It's that time of year again, when you're planning your exercise regime for the year ahead.
The chief constable of South Yorkshire Police has said he is "profoundly sorry" for the way the force failed the Hillsborough disaster.
The hard shoulder of the M4 in Birmingham has been reopened after being closed following a fatal crash.
The search for the missing Malaysia Airlines plane in the Indian Ocean has come to an end, officials say.
Edinburgh City and Annan Athletic both started their Scottish League Two campaigns with defeats on the opening day of the season.
People in Scotland have been talking about whether or not they want to join the European Union.
A former music teacher raped a student in his car, a court has heard.
China's crude oil imports from Iran rose sharply in July, despite the ongoing dispute between the two countries over Tehran's nuclear programme.
The chief executive of a company awarded a £39m deal to deal with diseased larch forests in Carmarthenshire has said he is happy with the decision.
Councils in England will be able to increase council tax by up to 2% over the next five years, the Local Government Association (LGA) has said.
In the early hours of Sunday morning, the story of a seven-year-old boy who had been abandoned by his parents in a forest in the Japanese city of Nagoya began to make sense.
Alastair Cook's new role as Surrey's director of cricket has been described as a "rollercoaster" of emotions.
Two-time Olympic gold medallist Mo Farah has given Newsround his top tips for young athletes.
UKIP leadership candidate Raheem Kassam has launched his election campaign, saying the party needs a "CEO" to run it.
Former Taoiseach (Irish prime minister) Bertie Ahern has said a hard border between Northern Ireland and the Republic could be reintroduced after Brexit.
A memorial has been unveiled in Liverpool to commemorate the hundreds of people from the city who fought in the Spanish Civil War.
A woman has been shot dead in what police are treating as an attempted murder.
The Channel Tunnel is one of the world's most famous tunnels and has been the subject of much debate over the years.
The leader of Pakistan's Balochistan separatist movement has said he is open to talks with the country's military.
David Cameron's team has decided to back down and allow his Eurosceptic cabinet ministers to campaign for the UK to leave the European Union on Tuesday.
Former Peruvian leader Alberto Fujimori has announced he will use social media to express his thoughts while in prison.
A cancer charity has called on the Welsh government to introduce a vaccine for boys aged 12 and 13.
An Irish firm has agreed to make a replacement for a sippy cup for a boy who has only drank from it since the age of two after a Twitter appeal.
Tom Cairney and Eniola Aluko scored as Fulham beat Brentford at Craven Cottage to move into the play-off places.
French President Francois Hollande has named Jean-Marc Ayrault as his new foreign minister, the Elysee Palace says.
A man who was seen "sleepwalking" in Manchester city centre was not taking part in a dare, police have said.
The 2017 Winter Olympics are getting under way in Sochi, Russia.
Wycombe Wanderers' new signing Adebayo Akinfenwa has been sent off during their pre-season friendly against Le Havre.
A US congressman, Chaka Fattah, has been found guilty of running a multi-million dollar bribery and fraud scheme.
Team GB have been given a target of winning at least three medals at the Winter Olympics in Sochi, Russia, by the International Olympic Committee.
Scotland's Deputy First Minister John Swinney has said the UK government's proposed fiscal framework would be "unfair" to Scotland.
Matt Southwell scored a stoppage-time winner as Wycombe beat Stevenage to move into the League Two play-off places.
A teenager who killed a 15-year-old boy at a school in Aberdeen has been jailed for eight years.
Northern Ireland's rowers have had a successful start to the second day of the European Championships in Rotterdam.
Tennis star Serena Williams is being investigated by police in the US over a car crash in which a man died.
As the World Chess Boxing Organisation (WCBO) reports on India's potential to become "one of the leading nations in chess boxing", the BBC's Geeta Pandey in Calcutta looks at the country's growing interest in the game.
A fund-raising campaign to save a network of radio telescopes used to search for alien life has raised more than $1.5m (£1.1m).
Two newly-elected Scottish Tory MSPs have campaigned for the UK to leave the European Union.
A man who spent the night on the roof of an Edinburgh church has been fined for his "stupid" act.
Members of Labour's ruling National Executive Committee (NEC) have failed to agree on a plan to allow Jeremy Corbyn to choose his shadow cabinet.
Hate crimes against women are to be classed as a hate crime from next month.
There is no doubt that the opinion of the people of Northern Ireland is strongly in favour of a united Ireland in the forthcoming referendum.
An Iranian couple who were rejected by Australia and sent to Cambodia have returned to their home country.
A cafe has defended a sign which refers to missing schoolgirl April Jones, saying it was meant as a joke.
Radical preacher Anjem Choudary has been jailed for five years for inviting support for the so-called Islamic State group.
A four-year-old boy who died in a house fire in Carmarthenshire has been named.
Apple has raised $35bn (Â£24bn) by selling bonds in the US, as it continues to return cash to shareholders.
A Kent NHS trust has been placed in special measures after inspectors found staff shortages in A&E and at night.
China has accused US President-elect Donald Trump of being "ignorant" after he said the US should end the "One China" policy.
China's first "baby hatches" have been temporarily closed to new babies, the director of the centre has said.
A coroner has opened a pre-inquest review into the deaths of a father and son who were pulled from the sea after getting into difficulty.
So Ed Miliband has forsworn offering us unaffordable bribes to get elected, and now he's got a 'lock' on the Tories.
The family of a British backpacker missing in Peru say they are planning to fly to the country to search for him.
Peru's President Ollanta Humala has vowed to continue his government's efforts to eradicate poverty in the country.
A man has been rescued from the sea off the coast of Bangor after suffering a suspected cardiac arrest.
A group of bikers have been banned from a pub by its owners, it has emerged.
Leeds Rhinos moved to within a point of Super League leaders Huddersfield Giants with a thumping win over Wolves.
League One leaders Livingston extended their lead at the top of the table to seven points with a 3-1 win over Livingston.
A multi-million pound project to rebuild a shopping centre car park has been given the go-ahead.
The Shepton Mallet apple mill is to close with the loss of more than 100 jobs.
The chair of the Independent Inquiry into Child Sexual Abuse (IICSA) in England and Wales, Peter McKelvie, has resigned.
The Church of England and the Church of Scotland have signed an agreement aimed at strengthening their relationship.
A report into the death of a baby girl who was mauled to death by her mother's dog has found police failed to act on concerns about the animal.
England women's head coach Mark Sampson has named a 23-strong squad for a two-match friendly series in Spain in January.
The UK is holding a referendum on its membership of the European Union later this month.
The leader of Morocco's main opposition party has criticised the turnout in Sunday's parliamentary election, saying it was "far below expectations".
Former England batsman Kevin Pietersen hit his first Twenty20 century in South Africa as his Dolphins side beat the Hobart Knights in the T20 Blast.
A legal challenge to the UK's decision to leave the European Union could be taken to the European Court of Justice.
There has been a political crisis in Northern Ireland for the past few months.
French artist Claude Monet faced opposition from local farmers when he wanted to create a water garden, newly-released documents have revealed.
The owner of a fireworks shop which was destroyed by a controlled explosion has said he is "devastated" by the blaze.
Two police officers who filmed themselves near the scene of the Shoreham air crash have been recommended for dismissal.
Substitute Ahmed Musa scored a stoppage-time winner as Leicester City beat Sheffield United to reach the second round of the EFL Cup.
More needs to be done to improve the way patients with sepsis are treated in Wales, the health secretary has said.
Good Will Hunting star Robin Williams' widow and his three children have been ordered to meet in court to settle a dispute over personal items.
A man has been jailed for three years after admitting registering more than 100 fake births.
European Space Agency astronaut Luca Parmitano has completed his first spacewalk.
A man has died after being hit by a car in Maidstone.
The UK's arms trade with Saudi Arabia was "rational", the High Court has ruled.
England's batsmen suffered another blow as they were beaten by India A in the second of their two one-day internationals in Mumbai.
Carnival, the world's biggest cruise operator, has reported a rise in profits for the third quarter, despite a drop in ticket prices.
Cannabis will be sold in pharmacies in Uruguay for the first time in July, the government has announced.
A woman whose friend was killed in an explosion at a wood treatment plant has been awarded the Freedom of the Borough of Bosley.
People in Bristol are not happy with the idea of using vinegar to kill their weeds.
Oxfordshire's private sector will not be able to cope with cuts to public sector spending, a business leader has warned.
A man has died after the stage at a Radiohead concert in the Canadian city of Toronto collapsed, police say.
Timothy Werner scored twice as RB Leipzig beat Mainz to move level on points with Bundesliga leaders Bayern Munich.
Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt has defended the government's plans for high-speed broadband, saying "no speed is enough".
The World Health Organization (WHO) has warned that many countries in Africa and Asia are struggling to provide adequate testing for HIV.
Goalkeeper Gemma Fay says Scotland qualifying for Euro 2017 would be the "most special moment" of her 20-year career.
Crawley Town have signed defender James Hurst from West Bromwich Albion for an undisclosed fee.
Leinster ended their Pro12 campaign with a hard-fought victory over Edinburgh at Murrayfield.
Jeremy Corbyn has said he wants to "get rid" of the cap on the amount of money families can claim in benefits.
Bosses have been warned not to "snoop" on their staff by reading their emails and text messages.
A cheetah fitted with a sophisticated tracking device has been shot dead in Botswana, conservationists say.
An extra £1.1bn will be needed to provide the same level of care for older and disabled people as last year, a report says.
Kilmarnock have signed defender Lee McCulloch from Rangers for an undisclosed fee.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock says he does not need to spend as much as £10m on a new striker in the January transfer window.
Widnes Vikings half-back Joe Mellor has signed a new two-year deal with the Super League club.
League One side Wigan Athletic have signed Bournemouth midfielder James MacDonald on loan until the end of the season.
Inspectors have criticised NHS Dumfries and Galloway for failing to make "significant improvements" to the quality of care at Stranraer Hospital.
Bournemouth assistant manager Paul Friend has been ruled out for the rest of the season after collapsing in the dugout during Saturday's game against Southampton.
The Central American nation of Belize is one of the fastest-growing economies in the Western Hemisphere.
A woman who was accused of having sex with a 15-year-old boy has been found not guilty.
A cannabis-based treatment for children with epilepsy is being trialled in the UK.
The West African regional bloc Ecowas has warned The Gambia's President Yahya Jammeh that it will intervene militarily if he does not step down.
Pupils at risk of missing out on a GCSE pass have been given the chance to study at a Belfast university.
A judge has said he did not intend to interfere with a TD's comments in the Dáil about the personal finances of the Republic of Ireland's richest man.
Shrewsbury Town have signed former Walsall midfielder Josh MacGillivray on a one-year deal.
Profits at BG Group have fallen sharply in the first three months of the year, despite the oil and gas firm's takeover by Royal Dutch Shell.
An "urgent" campaign is needed to boost visitor numbers to Cumbria after flooding and landslides, a tourism boss has said.
Fleetwood moved into the League One play-off places with victory over Scunthorpe, who are without manager Graham Westley.
Emergency teams are arriving in Nepal to help the thousands of people who have been injured in the devastating earthquake that struck the country last week.
The family of a British man missing in Brussels say they fear he may have been caught up in one of the attacks.
Former champion female jockey Kerry Turner has urged female jockeys to follow in her footsteps and take up the sport.
BP has announced plans to cut up to 1,000 jobs in its North Sea operations.
Human remains found in a river in the US state of New Mexico have been identified as that of an 80-year-old treasure hunter who went missing while searching for gold.
A man in his 50s has died following a crash between a car and a lorry on the A1 in Londonderry.
It is not every athlete can say they have gone from not being able to throw a ball to winning a Commonwealth Youth Games gold.
Transformers: Age of Extinction has topped the US box office for the fourth weekend in a row, despite a lack of new releases.
A dog has been rescued after getting into difficulty on a cliff in Devon.
The sister of a 25-year-old cyclist who died after being hit by a lorry in Bethnal Green has appealed for information.
Rugby World Cup 2015 has brought £43m to Newcastle, according to the city's tourism body.
Cardiff City and Bristol City played out a scrappy goalless draw at the Cardiff City Stadium.
Dozens of bearded dragons have been rescued after they were found abandoned at an animalarium in Swansea.
Newport County moved out of the League Two relegation zone with victory over Mansfield Town.
A man has been jailed for helping to dispose of the body of a man who was murdered by his partner.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England - the gallery will grow during the week.
The Scottish Football Association (SFA) is considering whether to continue with its specialised coaching scheme for primary school pupils.
A Monet painting of a lily pond, Nympheas, has sold at auction in London for a record-breaking £25.5m.
Nico Rosberg won the Singapore Grand Prix to extend his championship lead over Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton.
Graeme McDowell has been talking about it for a while now.
NHS England spent more than £50m on a cancer drug in 2013, the Competition and Markets Authority has said.
The Zanzibar Football Federation (TFF) has submitted an application to Fifa to become a member of world football's governing body.
Audi has announced it will withdraw from the Le Mans 24-hour race and join the electric racing series Formula E in 2018.
Thousands of homes in Bournemouth have been left without water after a water main burst.
Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale is to promise to restore tax credits for working families if her party wins the Holyrood election next year.
Bristol City midfielder Nikica Jelavic has returned to full training ahead of Friday's Championship game at QPR.
Voters in Iraq go to the polls on Sunday to elect a new parliament, in what is expected to be the most tightly contested election in the country's history.
The Met Office has issued a yellow "be aware" warning for winds of up to 64mph across parts of Scotland.
Thousands of gold coins from the Fatimid Caliphate have been found off the coast of Caesarea, Israel.
An Australian tennis player has been banned for seven years after being found guilty of match-fixing.
The BBC has learned that the chief executive of British Rail is to be paid an extra £1m a year, on top of his current £1.3m salary.
At a Coventry college, staff have taken on a new challenge - teaching students who did not get good GCSEs at school.
A three-month-old baby girl has been taken to hospital after being found abandoned in a car in Tallaght, County Dublin.
A Singaporean couple have used their jobs as undertakers to inspire their wedding photo shoot, which has gone viral.
Wojciech Jutkiewicz's late equaliser earned Birmingham City a point at Huddersfield Town.
Downton Abbey is to have a new guest star in its fifth series, it has been announced, with former EastEnders actress Laura Johnston joining the cast.
The price of oil has fallen to its lowest level since 2009, with many countries losing billions of dollars.
Wolfsburg striker Christian Eriksen has been fined for failing to turn up to training on Tuesday.
A key piece of World War Two code-breaking equipment has been found in a shed in Southend.
Cultural projects from Wales and India are to be funded as part of the UK-India Year of Culture.
An academy chain run by a former government adviser has been rated "inadequate" by England's education watchdog.
Arsenal have signed former France international Yannick Reveillere on a one-year deal.
A Russian security service wants to ban the public from accessing a database that lists property owned by public officials, a watchdog has said.
Nato and Russia have "profound and persistent differences" over the Ukraine conflict, the alliance's top official has said after talks in Brussels.
The use of technology to disrupt the use of mobile phones by prisoners is to be rolled out in the coming weeks, Justice Secretary Derek MacAskill has said.
Thousands of people in the US state of Louisiana have been forced to flee their homes after severe flooding, officials say.
The first female chief pilot in Australia has been appointed to the country's national airline, reports say.
A fake BBC news story has been circulating on social media in Kenya in the run-up to the presidential election.
Brazilian President Michel Temer has condemned the "barbaric" rape of a teenage girl in Rio de Janeiro, saying it was "absurd" that the attack was filmed.
Plans for a new golf course in Sutherland have been criticised by conservation groups.
Google has confirmed that it is to invest £100m in a new research and development centre in London.
Archaeologists at Stonehenge have discovered a 3,000-year-old "bungalow" made out of animal skins and thatch.
The following is a chronology of key events:.
Liverpool's Christian Benteke has joined Crystal Palace on loan until the end of the season.
The family of a 92-year-old woman from Dumfries and Galloway who moved to Australia two years ago say they are facing deportation back to Scotland.
Flooding at a County Tyrone shopping centre on Saturday was caused by a blocked culvert grille, the Rivers Agency has said.
A task force set up to help save Scotland's steel industry is due to meet for the first time later.
Lancashire all-rounder Tom Smith has retired from cricket at the age of 28 because of injury.
The mother of a newborn baby girl who was found dead at a bus stop has been traced by police.
Hearts' return to the Premiership will boost the profile of the top flight, according to Scottish Professional Football League chief executive Martin Doncaster.
The Welsh government's tuition fee grant should be scrapped to allow Welsh universities to compete with other universities in the UK, a leading academic has said.
Charlton Athletic head coach Guy Luzon says he will not be distracted by his side's poor form ahead of Saturday's Championship game at Bournemouth.
The Chinese government is using "coercive methods" to control foreign companies, according to the former head of GlaxoSmithKline in China, Ian McGregor.
Wales beat England in the Euro 2016 semi-final at Wembley on Friday night.
More than a third of people in working families in England will be unable to cover their housing costs for more than one month if they lose their job, according to the charity Shelter.
More than £1bn was spent using contactless payments in the UK last year, according to new figures.
The family of a teenager who died in a crash on Anglesey on Saturday have said they are "beyond heartbroken".
Iraqi forces fighting so-called Islamic State (IS) in the city of Falluja are still facing fierce resistance, the US military says.
Kirsty Linden's late equaliser earned Birmingham City Ladies a draw at Reading in the Women's Super League One opener.
Aston Villa midfielder Jack Grealish has been called up to the Republic of Ireland Under-21 squad for the first time.
The UK's inflation rate remained at 0.5% in January, unchanged from the previous month, figures show.
Olympic gold medallists David Davies and Chris Weir both won gold on the final day of the IPC Athletics European Championships in Bologna, Italy, as fellow Briton Tom Hermitage took silver.
The Scottish government has given a "clear signal" of its commitment to improving the A9 at Berriedale Braes.
Sheffield Wednesday boss Paul Heckingbottom says he will not consider signing defender Yedlin Yiadom until his future is resolved with the club.
Labour has been accused of a "cynical" way of spending public money on posters promoting the Metro project.
Rory Best has been named in the Ireland team to face Scotland in Saturday's Six Nations match at Murrayfield.
The BBC has been criticised by MPs at a Commons debate on the future of the corporation.
Astronomers say they have discovered the most distant object in the Solar System.
If you're trying to woo someone, here's a tip: you don't have to go overboard.
England recorded their biggest-ever win over New Zealand as they thrashed the world champions at Twickenham on Saturday.
An artificial intelligence (AI) start-up, OpenAI, has been launched in New York.
Scotland ran in seven tries as they thrashed Georgia in their Six Nations opener in Tbilisi.
Harlequins head coach Conor O'Shea will leave the club at the end of the season.
The turnout among young people in the general election has risen sharply, according to a new survey.
Sir Neville Marriner, the founder of the Academy of St Martin in the Fields, has died at the age of 93.
There has been a lot of drama at the World Championships in London this week, but not as much as there has been drama in athletics.
A man has died following a two-vehicle crash in Bangor, County Down.
The number of shops selling so-called legal highs in the Republic of Ireland has fallen to zero, according to police.
Giannelli Imbula would consider a move away from Burnley if the "right offer came in", says manager Mark Hughes.
A man has been killed in a crash between a car and a lorry in Kent.
The body of a man has been found in the sea off the coast of Cornwall.
The BBC's Sound of 2016 has named Sengo as one of the year's most exciting new artists.
The mood at the end of the night at the headquarters of the Likud party in Jerusalem was one of relief.
The number of UK workers with daily commutes of more than two hours has more than doubled in the past five years, official figures show.
Barra Airport in the Western Isles is celebrating its 80th anniversary.
A new pedestrian and cycle crossing in Cardiff is set to open later this month after months of delays.
The families of the victims of the Manchester Arena attack have paid tribute to their loved ones.
Plans for a Garden Bridge over the River Thames have been given the go-ahead after a deal was struck to cut London taxpayers' contribution by more than two thirds.
Dame Zaha Hadid's water lily sculptures have gone on display at Chatsworth Castle as part of an exhibition of contemporary art.
A 19-year-old man has been jailed for life for plotting to carry out a mass murder in London.
2016 was a year of great loss for Northern Ireland's music community.
This is the statement made by Nicholas Serota, the director of Tate Britain, as he prepares to step down at the end of the year.
The transfer window closed in England and Scotland at 23:00 BST on Tuesday, 1 June.
More than 1,000 people have signed a petition against plans to introduce parking charges and restrictions around the Royal Berkshire Hospital.
New Zealand Prime Minister John Key says he is hopeful that the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade deal can be reached.
Sister Nirmala Devi, the Indian nun who took over from Mother Teresa, has died in the city of Kolkata at the age of 90.
Women's Super League One side Durham City Ladies have signed Sunderland goalkeeper Jess Laws on a one-year deal.
First Minister Carwyn Jones has said he "never called for a veto" over any Brexit deal the UK government comes to.
The Co-operative Bank has confirmed it has agreed a deal with a group of investors for a £1bn bailout.
In the Afghan capital, Kabul, the BBC's M Ilyas Khan was given the chance to meet one of the country's best-known businessmen, Hans-Joachim Popal, who owns a German-made digger.
The main railway line between Oxford and Didcot has reopened after being closed to allow improvements to be carried out.
A dog with a "unique" feature that causes his lower teeth to stick out has found a new home.
The first letter written by John Lennon has been published by the National Archives in London.
The Conservative Party is in the midst of one of its most fractious periods in recent years.
A facsimile of the original Magna Carta has been unveiled in Lincoln to mark the 800th anniversary of the document's sealing.
Scotland are "lucky" to have two "inspirational" midfielders in Scott Brown and Darren Fletcher for Wednesday's friendly against Northern Ireland, says former Celtic midfielder Danny Wilson.
An inflatable rescue boat has been taken to the Greek island of Lesbos where it will be used to help save the lives of migrants.
A curfew has been imposed in the US state of Missouri after a protest over the killing of black teenager Michael Brown turned violent.
The United Nations has set a target of halting the deforestation of the Amazon rainforest by 2020.
The Pro12 will be "brutal" for the South African sides set to play in the competition, according to Glasgow Warriors director of rugby Jim Solomons.
Bolivian President Evo Morales has announced the nationalisation of a Spanish-owned power company.
Yum Brands, the owner of KFC and Pizza Hut, has reported better-than-expected sales in China, as it prepares to spin off its China business.
Residents of the Sheerwater estate in Woking have said they want a new plan drawn up for the regeneration of the area.
Workers have been evacuated from a North Sea oil platform after a fire broke out on board a drilling vessel.
Black voters in the US city of Ferguson have elected their first black council members since a black teenager was shot dead by police.
The TUC has backed calls for joint industrial action in the face of government cuts.
Kilmarnock have appointed Lee Clark as their new manager on a two-year deal.
Britain's Sir Bradley Wiggins won his third Road World Championships title with victory in the men's time trial.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at how Asia is catching up with the rest of the world.
Two men have been arrested in Sydney on suspicion of plotting to carry out a terror attack in the city, police say.
An MP has admitted he has "some responsibility" for a council's £10.25m loan to a football club which has never been paid.
Young people born in the early 1980s are the least well-off in the UK, according to a think tank.
Photographs of Star Wars characters have been taken from the Firth of Forth in Shetland.
Tennis players have reacted angrily to comments made by former US Fed Cup captain Roy Moore that men should get more money.
Director of rugby Richard Cockerill has left Leicester Tigers by mutual consent.
A court in New York has ordered the trial of Hank Greenberg, the former chief executive of JP Morgan Chase, on fraud charges.
Marcus Trescothick hit a double century for Somerset before Nottinghamshire took control on day three at Taunton.
Two directors of a Newport turkey processing company have been jailed for food hygiene offences after large quantities of unsafe meat were sold.
A police officer who saved a 21-year-old man from falling down a fire escape has been awarded the force's highest honour.
Volkswagen has said it is "optimistic" it will come up with a fix for up to 11 million diesel cars affected by the emissions scandal.
Ollie Norburn scored a late winner as Macclesfield came from behind to beat Chester in the National League.
Sri Lanka has launched an investigation into allegations of match-fixing during a one-day international against England.
Ronnie O'Sullivan says he has been "eating like a pig" after his record-equalling Masters win.
Premier League football fans will be able to watch the first Friday night game of the season live on Sky Sports.
Taoiseach (Irish prime minister) is holding talks with the leaders of the main opposition parties in a bid to form a government.
Queens Park Rangers striker Jamie Mackie has signed a new one-year deal with the club.
A rare albino deer has been born at a zoo in the UK.
Police are investigating whether a family of five from Luton have travelled to Syria.
Cardiff City Council (CBC) has unveiled plans for a £100m gondola system which could carry up to 2,000 passengers every hour.
The Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) has lost its appeal against a High Court ruling that it must hand over documents in a case brought by a loyalist.
US President Donald Trump has accused his predecessor, Barack Obama, of failing to take action against Russia over its alleged interference in last year's election.
A football club has apologised after residents said they were woken by a "horrible scraping noise" coming from its ground.
Gunmen have opened fire on the offices of two opposition newspapers in the Turkish city of Istanbul, police say.
A new X-ray scanner has been installed at the Royal Victoria Hospital in Belfast after years of delays.
A blogger who was at the centre of a five-year legal battle with a council leader has had her case against her dropped.
Police in Hong Kong are investigating the theft of money and watches from a passenger on an Emirates flight.
The candidate in France's presidential election has said he is a "pro-European" man who will fight for the country's interests.
A man who was born outside wedlock in the UK has won a Supreme Court battle against deportation.
A senior fund manager has been banned from the City for life after he admitted not paying the full cost of a train ticket from a rural station to London.
Four former UK foreign secretaries have called on David Cameron to raise the issue of corruption when he visits Russia this weekend.
Hartlepool were held to a draw by Macclesfield in their second game of the National League season, despite Sean Cassidy's header.
Iran will not dismantle its Arak heavy-water nuclear reactor until 2016, the country's nuclear chief says.
The mother of John Parr, the youngest of six brothers who joined the Army at the age of 14 and died in World War One, has been marking the centenary of his death with a ceremony at Westminster Abbey.
David Haye says he is prepared to pay a fine from the British Boxing Board of Control (BBBofC) for comments he made during his defeat by Tony Bellew in London last month.
The deadline for bidders to submit their proposals to save BHS from liquidation has passed, BBC News understands.
Thousands of workers in South Africa have gone on strike in a dispute over pay and conditions.
A US man who was shot during a struggle with a gunman on a train has been awarded France's highest military honour.
A Borders town's main road is to be closed to allow work to be carried out on a new flood protection scheme.
A £900m plan to create a Solent combined authority is "now dead", according to council leaders.
Middlesbrough have re-signed Marten de Roon on a three-year deal for an undisclosed fee, subject to international clearance.
The train that carried Winston Churchill's coffin has been restored after being damaged in a fire in the 1970s.
One of London's leading GP practices has said it has seen its busiest week on record.
Ikea has issued a global recall of a beach chair after five people were injured while using it.
Banks in India are using indelible ink to mark the fingers of people trying to exchange banned high-denomination notes.
Former US women's rugby star Jessica Chastain is donating her brain to research into the effects of head injuries on athletes.
A woman has been taken to hospital after a lorry crashed into a block of flats in Largs, North Lanarkshire.
Australian cricketer Phillip Hughes has died at the age of 24 after being hit on the head by a ball.
Shelley Aluko's late equaliser rescued a point for Hull City against Nottingham Forest.
Scientists say they have found a way to treat type 1 diabetes by using stem cells.
Aston Villa midfielder Andre Ayew has been arrested on suspicion of violent conduct after an incident in Saturday's 2-2 draw with Watford.
Hibernian captain John Stevenson says the club have the potential to compete at the top end of the Premier League next season.
Chelsea Ladies goalkeeper Anna Lindahl has signed a new contract with the Women's Super League One club.
Pakistan has ordered the return of an Afghan woman who became an international star when she appeared on the cover of Playboy magazine in the 1980s.
In the 1950s and '60s, home-made inventions were the stuff of dreams for young inventors.
Two people have been taken to hospital following a fire at a block of flats in Glasgow.
Plans to improve the A40 between Oxford and Witney have been approved by Oxfordshire County Council.
Newcastle United have signed Netherlands full-back Daryl Janmaat from Feyenoord on a four-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Police are "extremely concerned" for the welfare of a 13-year-old girl who has been missing from her home in Greater Manchester for more than a week.
A seven-year-old girl who was missing for more than 24 hours has been found safe and well.
The Church of England is " institutionally homophobic" and has policies and attitudes towards the LGBTI community, a gay vicar has said.
Celtic striker Leigh Griffiths says he is "rusty" ahead of Scotland's World Cup qualifier against Northern Ireland on Saturday.
Aberdeen defender Jonny Hayes has signed a new three-year contract with the Scottish Premiership club.
Belfast Giants moved level on points with Elite League leaders Nottingham Panthers after coming from behind to win 4-2 on Friday night at the SSE Arena.
At Lido beach in the Somali capital, Mogadishu, Hassan Hassan is one of the city's best-known lifeguards.
A Catholic priest from the Republic of Ireland has been made a saint by Pope Francis.
An exhibition of cut-out artworks by Henri Matisse at the Serpentine Galleries has been described as "a feast for the eyes".
A man accused of killing his baby son by shaking or throwing him has been found not guilty by a jury.
A former Leeds United employee was told she was "on gardening leave or on his way out" when she was sacked, a tribunal heard.
Singer Elton John has apologised to a stadium steward for calling her "Hitler" during a concert.
West Bromwich Albion manager Sam Allardyce has announced he will leave the club at the end of the season.
Plans to close a care home for the elderly in Ceredigion have been described as "absurd" by unions.
The US space agency's (Nasa) Juno mission has returned some of the most detailed images of Jupiter ever taken.
"There is no such thing as a perfect police officer."
A Wigan biscuit firm has gone into administration, with the loss of more than 100 jobs.
A Pembrokeshire firm behind the collapse of a £2.3m motorbike project has published details of how its funding was distributed.
Malaysian police say they have found evidence that the so-called Islamic State (IS) group was involved in a grenade attack that killed four people last month.
Eastern European candidates in the race to be the next United Nations secretary general are being urged to step up their campaign.
Italian police say they have arrested 13 people suspected of being involved in a terror network in northern Europe.
A Royal Air Force (RAF) serviceman whose medals were stolen from his car in Lancashire has said he has been "overwhelmed" by the reaction online.
Award-winning author Nora Webster's debut novel, Nora, is among the titles nominated for this year's Dublin International Book Prize.
Museums in Cumbria have said they are "heartbroken" after a lottery bid was withdrawn for the county's "flagship museum".
Theo Walcott scored a late equaliser as Arsenal came from behind to draw with Manchester United.
England captain Alastair Cook says his side's collapse in the second Test against Bangladesh in Chittagong showed their inexperience in sub-continent conditions.
A Belfast man has spoken of his shock at the news that the Costa Concordia ferry had capsized off the coast of Spain on Friday.
Volunteers in Northern Ireland say they have been overwhelmed by the number of bats they have had to rescue in recent weeks.
A man has been seriously injured after being stabbed on a train in a suspected hate crime in south London.
The UK has voted to leave the European Union, with a majority of voters in the south-east of England opting to leave.
Three pupils have been expelled from Wrexham High School after a small amount of cannabis was found on school property.
Queens Park Rangers made a winning start to the Championship season with a comfortable victory at Leeds United.
Five police officers have appeared in court accused of using a police helicopter to film officers in sexual positions.
Microsoft has unveiled the Xbox SmartGlass, a handheld device that connects to the Xbox console via a smartphone or tablet.
The new Scottish Premiership season gets under way on Saturday, with Celtic looking to defend their title and Aberdeen looking to improve on their second place finish.
Some flights at Gatwick Airport were diverted after a drone was spotted near the runway, the airport said.
Bahraini human rights activist Nabeel Rajab has been released after serving two-thirds of a five-year prison sentence.
Aberdeen missed the chance to go top of the Scottish Premiership as they were beaten by Rangers at Pittodrie.
A consortium of public and private organisations has been confirmed as the preferred bidder for £1.2bn of outsourcing contracts for cancer care in Staffordshire.
A memorial stone has been unveiled in France to commemorate Jersey's soldiers who died during World War One.
Exeter Chiefs fought back from 19-5 down at half-time to earn a bonus-point win over Sale Sharks in the Premiership.
First Minister Carwyn Jones has ordered an independent review of the social care system in south Wales.
Burkina Faso missed out on a place in the quarter-finals of the Africa Cup of Nations after losing 1-0 to Democratic Republic of Congo in the last 16.
An Indian writer-activist has been arrested and charged with sedition for allegedly insulting the national anthem.
Two passenger planes have collided at an airport in the US state of Michigan.
Unemployment in Scotland rose by 15,000 between April and May, according to the latest official figures.
A snow artist has been offered a full-time job with a company which specialises in fake snow effects.
The number of patients being discharged from mental health hospitals in England has fallen, according to new figures.
A drug for a rare genetic condition will be available on the NHS in Wales for the first time.
Motherwell have told the Scottish Professional Football League (SPFL) that Saturday's game against MK Dons will go ahead after the majority of their squad recovered from illness.
US conservative activist Phyllis Schlafly has died at the age of 91, her family says.
A plumbing company has been fined £10,000 after faults were found in more than 1,000 homes in Poole and Reading.
At the University of Groningen in the Netherlands, it is easy to see why it is one of the world's top 100 universities.
The Ulster-Scots language was given official protection in the Irish language act in the Good Friday Agreement in 1998.
A California woman who was kidnapped last month has been found safe and well, police say.
The New York City Council has approved a bill to crack down on street performers in Times Square who have become a fixture of the area.
A paralysed man who was forced to stay in a hospital for more than two years has been evicted.
Some private clinics in the UK are offering misleading information about Down's syndrome tests, a think tank has warned.
Ballymena United have signed former Coleraine striker Darren Boyce on a 30-month deal.
An action plan to encourage more people to walk or cycle has been published by the Welsh government.
If you are going to run for president, you need to have the support of a wide range of groups.
More than 2,000 competitors have taken part in this year's Snowdon Race, the world's largest mountain race.
MP Sir Kevin McDonald has said he may have breached the House of Commons code of conduct after allegations he received fees for using parliamentary facilities.
Shares in Weibo, China's biggest micro-blogging site, have risen more than 50% in their first day of trading in the US.
The Great Britain Wheelchair Basketball team are back in the country for the first time in more than a year.
Police have released a CCTV image of a man they want to speak to in connection with a serious assault on a bus in Glasgow.
North Korean leader Kim Jong-un has warned of a "fire and fury" against the US territory of Guam if it threatens the country.
A British diver has said he is "elated" charges have been dropped against him in connection with the deaths of his two friends in Malta.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed higher on Wednesday, boosted by a rise in oil prices.
Zaporizhya, a city in eastern Ukraine, has become the latest in a series of towns and cities to be forced to remove communist-era monuments.
Rory McIlroy has played down the importance of his Ryder Cup match against Tiger Woods on Friday.
Four men have been charged in connection with an armed robbery at a petrol station in Lancashire.
Online retailer Amazon has been accused of trying to avoid paying tax on profits made in the UK by using a Luxembourg subsidiary.
Migrants trying to cross the Aegean Sea from Turkey to Greece are often separated from their families by the sea, leaving many unable to return home.
Justin Gatlin was supposed to represent the bad old days of athletics.
A Northamptonshire MP who is under investigation over a £10m loan to a football club is to stand down from Parliament.
Swansea City Supporters' Trust has called on the club's new American owners to "pull together" in the long-term interests of the club.
A man has pleaded not guilty to causing the death of a 15-year-old girl in a crash in Gwynedd last year.
England manager Roy Hodgson says he has "no doubts" about his side's patriotism, despite Wales forward Gareth Bale calling them the "worst seeded team in the world".
Tony Blair has given his backing to Ed Miliband's plans to reform Labour's links with the Unite union.
Theresa May has described European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker as a "bloody difficult woman" as she defended her handling of Brexit.
Scott Martin has left Livingston to join Raith Rovers on a two-year deal.
The owner of the Circuit of Wales has said he is "surprised and concerned" by the scale of the project and its potential impact on jobs.
More than 200 jobs could be lost at Staffordshire County Council as a result of proposed cuts to services.
Airdrieonians moved into the Scottish League Two play-off places with a late win at McDiarmid Park.
League Two side Huddersfield Town have signed Wales Under-19 midfielder Josh James on a season-long loan from Premier League side Chelsea.
A man and a woman found dead at a house in West Yorkshire have been named.
Hull City defender Andrew Robertson has been ruled out of Scotland's World Cup qualifier against England next month because of a calf injury.
The family of a teenager found dead in a river have said they are "stunned" by the way a convicted murderer was allowed to live in the UK.
Dozens of people have been killed in an attack on a village in northern Afghanistan, officials say.
A 16-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of murder after another teenager was stabbed to death in south London.
Rolf Harris, the Australian entertainer convicted of child sex abuse, has become the victim of his own community's anger.
The boss of PSA Group, which wants to buy Vauxhall, is to meet Theresa May to discuss the potential deal.
A major Scottish salmon producer has reported a loss for the three months to the end of June after a "challenging" season.
Northern Ireland's former enterprise minister has called for an investigation into a multi-million pound contract signed by Invest NI.
Scientists in the US say they have isolated a compound from the sweetgrass plant that could be a new insect repellent.
A jury has been discharged after failing to reach a verdict in the trial of a woman accused of performing a sex act on her boyfriend during a concert.
An app which helps people report litter is facing a legal battle with Google, which has accused it of infringing its trademark.
Tests on drinking water in a Cambridgeshire town have found "harmless organisms", Anglian Water has said.
The world's first virtual reality headset will be released in October, Sony has announced.
England beat Pakistan by an innings and 95 runs in the second Test at Lord's to take a 2-0 lead in the three-match series.
The headquarters of the Japanese Society of Northern Ireland is on a quiet street in west Belfast.
David Cameron has said the UK and its allies will back a Russian plan to eliminate Syria's chemical weapons if it is agreed by world leaders.
Former Deputy Prime Minister Lord Ashcroft has been admitted to hospital after suffering septic shock following the launch of a book about David Cameron's Oxford days.
The Afghan security forces have lost control of Sangin district in the southern province of Helmand to the Taliban.
People living near a prison have been warned to lock their doors after packages were thrown over the wall.
The Church in Wales is to celebrate the 20th anniversary of the first women being ordained as priests.
Borders Council has been told it may have to increase the estimated cost of its £100m Borders Crossing scheme by more than £500,000.
Sinn FÃ©in's Deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness has said his party has offered the justice minister to the Alliance Party.
The search for the bodies of two winchmen and the pilot of a rescue helicopter that crashed off the coast of County Galway has resumed.
China has held its first ever national fair, and it's been described as the biggest in the world.
Four British rowers, including one who lost a leg while taking part in an RAF parachuting display, have completed the Talisker Challenge.
A second turbine has been installed in the Shetland Tidal Array to generate electricity for the Scottish electricity grid.
Carlisle United have signed Queens Park Rangers midfielder Brandon Comley on loan until the end of the season.
Two men who claim to have found a Nazi train buried in Poland have appeared on Polish television, saying they are "99% convinced" it exists.
Bradford City have offered new contracts to goalkeeper David Darby and six players.
In her first interview since becoming the new director of the Tate Gallery in London, Sarah Balshaw says she is already planning for the next 20 years.
US CIA director John Brennan's personal AOL account has been hacked, according to documents published online.
These are the robots that will be competing in this year's Fifa World Cup in Russia.
Police in the northern Indian state of Himachal Pradesh have launched an investigation after a woman was allegedly raped by three men.
Former World Cup winner Abby Wambach has admitted to police that she first tried cocaine at the age of 25.
Three-time Tour de France winner Alberto Contador won the Criterium du Dauphine in a sprint finish, with defending champion Chris Froome second.
Teachers in the UK earn 22% less than their counterparts in other industrialised countries, according to a report by the OECD.
Families of six British soldiers killed in Indonesia more than 70 years ago have lost a legal bid for an inquiry into the killings.
West Ham have signed Norway midfielder Vegard Nordtveit from Borussia Monchengladbach for an undisclosed fee.
Green Day have said they are "devastated" after a show in Glasgow was cancelled because of bad weather.
Schools in England are not doing enough to help parents find the best school for their child, says the chief inspector of schools in England.
Tottenham missed the chance to go top of the Premier League as they were held to a draw by Swansea.
Celtic captain Scott Brown has urged his team-mates to "get themselves together" and end the Premiership title race on a high.
Paris St-Germain have signed Real Madrid forward Jese Rodriguez on a four-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
What do you do if you're a member of the Northern Ireland Assembly and the Stormont talks are stuck in stalemate?
Russia has begun a major military exercise in the south of the country, days after pro-Russian rebels in eastern Ukraine carried out their first military drills.
A paramedic who posted offensive comments on a Stafford Hospital Facebook page has been struck off the health register.
Israel's navy has boarded a boat carrying activists protesting against the blockade of the Gaza Strip, the military says.
Scotland's political leaders have been campaigning across the country ahead of the general election on 8 June.
Mesothelioma victims will be able to claim damages of up to £123,000 under a new fund set up by the government.
Bristol City missed the chance to move out of the Championship relegation zone as they were held to a draw by Blackburn.
League Two side Macclesfield Town have signed MK Dons striker Matt Barnett on a two-year deal.
South Sudan's former vice-president Riek Machar has said he will return to the country to fight for his rebel group.
(Close): The FTSE 100 ended the day down 0.5%, with the FTSe 100 share index closing down 39 points at 6,965.
A man has died after being restrained by police during a 999 call.
 atheist Richard Dawkins has congratulated Wales for being the first part of the UK to see a fall in the number of people claiming no religion.
Raymond Aubrac, one of the last survivors of the French Resistance during World War Two, has died at the age of 100.
Two men have been arrested in Nigeria on suspicion of engaging in acts of homosexuality, police say.
Wigan Warriors moved back to the top of Super League with a comfortable victory over Leeds Rhinos at Magic Weekend.
It is not often that a club's name is changed on the back of a shirt.
Scotland's local authorities are ready to take in refugees fleeing the conflict in Syria, according to Cosla, the body representing councils.
Graeme Shinnie scored a late winner as Aberdeen beat Apollon Limassol 2-1 in the first leg of their Europa League second qualifying round tie.
A Canadian police helicopter has come under fire after its pilots were overheard having an expletive-laden discussion about money.
A teenager has been jailed for life for the murder of a man who tried to break up a gang fight.
World number one Andy Murray beat Italian Fabio Fognini in four sets to reach the fourth round of the Australian Open.
A Russian man has been charged in connection with a bomb attack on the Borussia Dortmund team bus last month, German police say.
The family of a man who died after being tackled by police have urged protesters not to set fire to their homes.
Gillingham have appointed Kevin Pennock as caretaker manager until the end of the season, with Graham Taylor returning to the club as chief executive.
Police in India have dropped charges of sedition against seven Muslim men accused of shouting anti-India slogans during last week's cricket World Cup.
Israel's defence minister has accused Turkey of allowing the Islamic State (IS) militant group to smuggle oil into the country.
The US government has said it will not grant an easement to cross Lake Oahe in North Dakota, where Native Americans are protesting against the Dakota Access Pipeline.
An alpaca that was seriously injured in a dog attack in the New Forest has died.
A prison officer who was injured in a dissident republican bomb attack has died, police have said.
A witness at the trial of three men accused of murdering a 23-year-old man in Aberdeen has told a court he saw the victim in a "bad way".
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger says England interim boss Gareth Southgate has a "good opportunity" to prove he can be the permanent boss.
Aberdeen have won their appeal against the red card shown to Ryan Hayes in Saturday's win over Celtic.
The London Fire Brigade (LFB) has apologised after making a joke about "hipsters" during a blaze that destroyed a number of businesses in east London.
A man who was previously jailed for killing a man has admitted attacking another man with an axe at a Christmas party.
Gloucester City Football Club has submitted plans for a new stadium in Sudmeadow, near Cheltenham.
Police are investigating after Britain First members were filmed entering a mosque in Cardiff.
A project has been launched to create 3D renderings of artefacts lost in the recent Mosul earthquake in Iraq.
More needs to be done to cut the number of people dying from alcohol-related causes in Wales, a report has said.
The remains of a ship that sank in the English Channel more than 250 years ago are being revealed to the public for the first time.
West Ham's move from Upton Park to Stratford-upon-Avon will mean the end of one of London's best-known shopping areas, but what will happen to the area's businesses?
Shrien Dewani, who is accused of murdering his wife in South Africa, has been extradited from the UK to face murder charges.
Thousands of terminally-ill patients in England and Wales are missing out on vital end-of-life care, according to a report.
South Africa bowled out England for 138 on the final day of the second Test to complete a series whitewash.
Astronomers in the US have made the most detailed maps yet of the atmosphere of the planet Pluto.
Argentina's government has proposed making it an aggravated offence for people to hit or shout at a teacher.
Australian golfer Scott Allenby says he was dumped in a park in Honolulu, Hawaii, after being robbed at gunpoint.
Aberdeen must improve if they are to win the Scottish Cup for the first time since 1990 when they face Hibernian in the semi-final at Hampden on Saturday, says former captain Jim Miller.
One of Osama Bin Laden's closest allies in the Middle East, Ahmed al-Bahri, has died, Yemeni officials say.
Chile's Calbuco volcano has erupted for the second time in a week, forcing the evacuation of more than 1,000 people from their homes.
A North Carolina Republican has won the race to replace Democratic Senator Kay Hagan in the US Senate.
Manchester United season tickets were paid for by a college which was under "chaotic" management, the BBC has learned.
A further cut of between 25% and 40% in police funding would be a "significant challenge" for North Wales Police, a senior officer has said.
The leader of Chechnya, Ramzan Kadyrov, has threatened to kill Russian opposition leader Alexei Kasyanov if he does not give him $10,000 (Â£7,000) in exchange for silence.
The Belfast Giants were held to a 4-3 defeat by the Manchester Storm at the SSE Arena on Sunday night.
A group of Muslim clerics in the Russian republic of Chechnya have threatened to retaliate against Novaya Gazeta for reporting that gay men were being tortured and killed in the region.
Star Wars actor Harrison Ford has confirmed he will return to the role of Indiana Jones in a fifth film.
Pace bowler James Anderson has become England's all-time leading one-day international wicket-taker after taking his 200th in the win over Australia.
Lloyds Banking Group has announced plans to close more than 100 branches across the UK.
Pharmaceutical giant GlaxoSmithKline has agreed to buy Bristol-Myers Squibb's HIV and asthma drugs for $1.6bn (£1.3bn).
A poster of the Battle of the Somme has been sold at auction in Conwy county for £500.
The FA Cup is the world's most prestigious domestic cup competition, and the qualifying rounds are no exception.
Alan Shatter, the Republic of Ireland's justice minister, has been at the centre of a number of high-profile controversies over the past five years.
Northampton Town midfielder Gaby Nsiala has left the League One club to return to his native DR Congo.
An anti-bullying charity has called for a gym's advert to be removed after it appeared on the side of a road.
Scientists say they have made a "significant breakthrough" in the fight against breast cancer by discovering how the disease can spread through the bone.
Chelsea midfielder John Obi Mikel has been cleared of racially abusing referee Mark Clattenburg, the Football Association has confirmed.
Valencia missed the chance to reach the Copa del Rey final as they were held to a draw by Barcelona at Mestalla.
A classic Chinese folktale is being brought back to the big screen for the first time in 30 years, thanks to a partnership with Netflix.
Two previously unseen cels from one of Walt Disney's most famous films have sold for more than £20,000 at auction.
A man wanted by police in Australia has responded to an arrest warrant on social media by saying he will turn himself in.
Anthony Joshua's promoter Eddie Hearn says he is in talks with Wladimir Klitschko about a world heavyweight title fight.
A lollipop lady was seriously injured when she was hit by a car while crossing a road in Bedfordshire, a court has heard.
Amnesty International (AI) has called for "urgent action" from Qatar to prevent the 2022 World Cup being "built on forced labour and exploitation".
Scotland's canals have been shown off to the public for the first time using a 360-degree camera.
Lenovo has said it is "thoroughly investigating all and any new concerns raised" over adware that was pre-installed on some of its consumer computers.
Pop star Taylor Swift has won her second Grammys for album of the year, 1989.
Germany's economy grew faster than expected in 2016, according to official figures.
A man has been taken to hospital after suffering serious head injuries following an incident at a house in Flintshire.
Police in Milan have arrested four teenagers accused of carrying out a series of armed robberies in the Italian capital in the style of A Clockwork Orange.
The pilot of a Turkish F-16 fighter jet has died in a crash near the border with Syria, the Turkish military has said.
Kenya's opposition leader Raila Odinga has said he will challenge the result of last month's presidential election at the Supreme Court.
Wales women beat Kazakhstan 3-0 in their second World Cup qualifier to move up to third place in Group 8.
Playboy magazine is to stop publishing full-frontal nudity in its next issue.
WBA middleweight champion Johannes Sturm retained his title with a unanimous points decision over American Scott Macklin in Berlin on Saturday.
Jayaram Jayalalitha, who has died at the age of 69, was one of India's most colourful and controversial politicians.
The chief constable of Lancashire Police has warned the force could be reduced to a "blue light" service by 2020.
Scientists in Hong Kong have discovered that some critically endangered cockatoos can establish their own populations outside of their natural range.
The speaker of Libya's parliament has said he will not step down, despite earlier saying he would do so.
Venezuelan acting President Nicolas Maduro has said he will take over the office of his late predecessor, Hugo Chavez, when he dies.
EastEnders fans are getting ready to celebrate the show's 30th anniversary this weekend.
Chesterfield midfielder Mathieu Gnanduillet has signed a new one-year contract with the League One club.
Leicester City are close to agreeing a deal to sign N'Golo Kante from Paris St-Germain.
Stem cells from the liver have been used to help regenerate the organ, according to scientists.
Ofcom could be able to fine mobile phone operators up to £2m a day and fine porn sites up to Â£250,000 under a new law.
A woman is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in Edinburgh.
A Spanish man who claimed to have been a survivor of the Nazi concentration camp at Mauthausen in Germany has been exposed as a conman.
A Kent council has been accused of a "major administrative cock-up" after failing to claim £5.1m in compensation for live animal exports.
Scottish League One leaders Livingston extended their lead at the top of the table to seven points with victory over Queen's Park.
An 88-year-old man has been reunited with his old bandmates after a 25-year gap.
Modern humans and Neanderthals began mixing in Eurasia some 45,000 years ago, according to a new study.
Syrian opposition leaders have held their first meeting since the start of the country's civil war in 2011.
Spanish police have used baton charges to disperse Leicester City fans who were involved in clashes with officers in Gibraltar on Tuesday night.
Some schools in Wales are "gaming" the GCSE system by putting too many pupils in for early entry, the education minister has said.
Two 15-year-old girls accused of stabbing a classmate 19 times in a bid to kill Slender Man have pleaded not guilty in a Wisconsin court.
A young woman who was among the Chibok schoolgirls kidnapped in north-eastern Nigeria more than two years ago has been arrested, officials say.
A man has died following an incident at a house in south-east London.
Toshiba has filed for bankruptcy protection in the US, saying it will write down the value of its US nuclear business, Westinghouse.
Earth Wind & Fire were one of the most influential groups of the 1970s and '80s.
No-one watches The Great British Bake Off to see the winners.
Former Geordie Shore star Nathan Dyer has revealed how he felt "completely comfortable" in the Channel 4 reality show's second series.
Trams are set to return to Birmingham for the first time in more than 60 years as part of a new tram network.
Red Bull's Daniel Ricciardo and Sebastian Vettel are still in contention for the Formula 1 world title after finishing second and third at the Singapore Grand Prix.
It's been more than a year since a massive earthquake hit Nepal in South East Asia.
Former Celtic and Hibernian footballer Ahmed Feruz has absconded from a court in Glasgow.
The coma of a US student held in North Korea for more than a year was probably caused by a cardiac arrest, his doctors say.
Alastair Cook made his first century in more than two years as England drew with St Kitts and Nevis in their final warm-up game before the first Test against West Indies.
Welshman Liam Evans retained his WBO International lightweight title with a unanimous points victory over England's David Ormond at the Principality Stadium.
A group of Welsh language campaigners have staged a protest outside the Welsh government's headquarters in Cardiff.
Former Football Association chairman Ken Thompson has called for a review of tax arrangements between footballers and their agents.
Nottinghamshire all-rounder Darryl Gurney says he is "excited" about the future at Trent Bridge despite the club's relegation from Division One.
Mebyon Kernow has said it will not be standing in the general election on 8 June.
Two women have been taken to hospital with breathing difficulties after a fire at a house in Bournemouth.
Hundreds of rugby league fans have gathered for the funeral of Keighley Cougars player Adam Jones who died last month.
French Prime Minister Manuel Valls has announced a new aid package for young people, after a wave of protests against his labour market reforms.
Tributes have been paid to MP Jo Cox, who has been killed in an attack in her constituency.
More than £60m is to be spent on renting homes in Wales over the next three years, the government has announced.
Chelsea were knocked out of the Champions League at the group stage as they were held to a goalless draw by Porto.
Monty Python star Michael Palin has been awarded a fellowship by the British Academy of Film and Television Arts (Bafta).
The Prince of Wales urged Tony Blair to introduce a cull of badgers in the English countryside, newly-released letters reveal.
A man in his 50s has died following a two-vehicle crash on the M1 in County Armagh.
Norwegian Magnus Carlsen has beaten Russia's Sergey Karjakin in what was billed as the "match of the century".
A former Liberal Democrat peer who quit the party over Nick Clegg's leadership has said he wants a Labour-Labour coalition to "save our country".
A man has been airlifted to hospital after his car was involved in a collision with a pick-up truck in Aberdeenshire.
Two orphaned baby otters have been moved to a new home at the Royal Botanic Gardens in Edinburgh.
A deal between Natural Resources Wales (NRW) and a sawmill operator did not meet EU state aid rules, the auditor general has said.
A £26.7m project to transform Alexandra Palace into a permanent home for the BBC has been given the go ahead.
St Johnstone manager Tommy Wright says he is happy at McDiarmid Park, despite speculation linking him with other top-flight jobs.
Donald Trump has accused his Democratic rival Hillary Clinton of being "the most abusive to women" in politics.
Rangers manager Mark Warburton was left "frustrated" by the referee's decision to award Celtic a late free-kick in their 1-0 defeat at Ibrox.
The public has been warned not to eat shellfish from two Argyll and Bute lochs after high levels of toxins were found.
Carlisle United have signed midfielder Mike Jones on a two-year deal following his release by Wigan Athletic.
Burnley midfielder Joey Barton's five-year Football Association ban for betting on matches has been extended by a year.
A man has been jailed for 12 years for the murder of his nightclub owner father at their west London home.
A video about a Chinese man's decision to set up a home for his dogs has been viewed more than 14 million times on social media.
The husband of a woman who died after giving birth to a baby boy has told a misconduct hearing there is "no evidence" two midwives knew she was unwell.
The waters around Wales are "absolutely perfect" for the leatherback turtle, conservationists have said.
More than 150 people were evacuated from a plane at Chicago's O'Hare International Airport after an engine failure, officials say.
Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras has denied that he ordered his finance minister to draw up a plan of defence in the event of a national emergency.
More than 200 London Underground stations are to close with the loss of up to 200 jobs.
A man has been charged in connection with a racially-aggravated attack on a woman in Buckinghamshire.
Germany's Thomas Jung remains on course to win the Badminton Horse Trials for the third time in four years after finishing second on Sunday.
"I'm going to kill a stranger, so don't you be a stranger,"
A former Vatican secretary of state has donated €200,000 (Â£150,000; $250,000) to a children's hospital in Rome, after a row over his use of a top-floor flat.
Charlie Brown, Snoopy, Woodstock and Lucy are all back in the big screen.
A judge in the US state of Ohio has ordered the trial of two high school football players accused of raping a teenage girl to be held in private.
Nigerians go to the polls on Sunday to elect a new president, with Muhammadu Buhari of the All Progressives Congress (APC) and his main rival, Muhammadu Wabba of the opposition People's Democratic Party (PDP).
Essex are on course to become only the second side to win the County Championship in their first year back in Division One, says head coach Gary Silverwood.
As the dust settles on the EU referendum campaign, there will be a sense of relief that the worst is over and the focus will turn to the next stage.
A corn snake has been rescued after being found in the back of a van in Swansea.
John Sheridan's first game in charge of Newport County ended in a 1-1 draw at home to Exeter City, thanks to a second-half strike from Joe John-Lewis.
Exeter City eased to victory over 10-man Crewe Alexandra in the League Two play-off final.
Polish film director Andrzej Wajda has died at the age of 90, his agent has said.
An advert on the Independent's website has been used to install malware that can encrypt documents, say security experts.
Colombia's Marta Ibarguen won gold in the women's long jump at the Rio Olympics for the second time.
An ancient weir discovered on the south coast of England was built more than 1,000 years ago, it has been revealed.
"If you want to know what to do in the Middle East, ask the Americans."
A man has been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences at a house in north London.
A gold pendant found in a Norfolk grave has been declared treasure at an inquest.
A Lancashire NHS trust has been rated "outstanding" by a health watchdog after making "significant improvements".
West Brom's Jonny Evans will miss the FA Cup tie against Arsenal because of a hamstring injury.
England made history by beating South Africa for the third time in four years as Eddie Jones' side continued their perfect start to the autumn international season.
Comedian Jason Manford has turned to social media to find a job for his 91-year-old father.
An Inverness pensioner who was diagnosed with lung cancer while working for Highland Council is seeking compensation from the local authority.
Liverpool's mayor has set out plans to save £10m over the next three years by reducing the number of council staff and closing some One Stop shops.
Liverpool fans are to be asked if they would support the reintroduction of safe standing at the club's ground.
A 16-year-old girl who headbutted and punched a police officer at Dundee Sheriff Court has been jailed for three months.
Doncaster moved into the League One play-off places with victory over Colchester thanks to a last-gasp strike from Luke Rowe.
Britain's Johanna Konta and Andy Murray are through to the Australian Open semi-finals for the first time since 1983.
French centrist presidential candidate Emmanuel Macron has agreed to join forces with a former presidential candidate who has announced he will not run.
Scottish actress Karen Gillan has been cast in the new Jumanji film, it has been announced.
Great Britain's Hannah Toulson has won gold in the women's synchronised 10m platform at the European Aquatics Championships.
A man who admitted possessing and viewing child pornography has been spared jail.
An exhibition has opened at a Powis castle to mark the centenary of the Battle of the Somme.
Police in the US state of Ohio have issued an arrest warrant for a man who sent them a selfie of himself to help track him down.
Prosecutors in Belgium have named a 22-year-old man who attacked police with a machete, killing one officer and seriously injuring another.
UBS has been formally placed under official investigation in France over allegations that it broke the country's tax laws.
The cost of renting a home in London is " unaffordable" for more than half of the city's families, according to a report by housing charity Shelter.
Vacant children's social workers in England are being replaced by agency staff, the BBC has learned.
Discount retailer B&M has reported a sharp fall in sales for the first quarter of the year as shoppers seek lower prices.
Pharmaceutical giant GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) has said it will no longer seek full patent protection in the world's poorest countries.
A Northern Ireland health trust has agreed to pay £5.3m in damages to the parents of a baby girl who suffered severe health problems after birth.
One of the most viral moments from last year's Great British Bake Off is set to return for a new radio show.
Ofsted has named 16 "weak" local authorities in England where more than half of secondary schools are not good enough.
Political parties should not touch or handle a completed ballot paper, according to a report by the Electoral Reform Society.
Oscar-nominated actor Joaquin Phoenix has said he does not want to be part of the Academy Awards ceremony.
A man has pleaded guilty to murdering a father-of-two in a street attack in Edinburgh.
Everton manager Roberto Martinez says his side's focus has dropped since their FA Cup semi-final defeat by Manchester United.
Great Britain beat the United States to win the men's 4x200m freestyle relay at the World Championships in Budapest.
A motorist has been left "open-mouthed" after his car was filmed being driven at more than 60mph by a mechanic.
Four people have been killed in a bomb attack on a security compound in China's restive Xinjiang region, officials say.
Barclays has reported a fall in third-quarter profits after paying out £560m to settle claims in the US and foreign.
The world premiere of Minions has taken place in Los Angeles, USA.
US President Donald Trump has accused his predecessor, Barack Obama, of trying to sabotage the US economy.
More than a third of staff at Queen's University in Belfast are unhappy with the way the university is run, according to a survey.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of attempting to steal £50,000 from a cash machine at a Manchester supermarket.
Prisoners in England and Wales are not getting the mental health support they need, according to a report.
Former Wales captain Martyn Williams says Dan Biggar's decision to sign a new four-year contract with the Ospreys will benefit the region.
London is famous for its Christmas lights and decorations - but what about its festive traditions?
The Killers' Brandon Flowers talks to the BBC about his new album, The Desired Effect, and why he wishes his bandmates were all here with him.
A teenager with a rare form of leukaemia has married his girlfriend in a hospital chapel.
A leading Australian politician has said he wants to introduce a four-day working week.
British swimmer Jack Burnell has described the officials at the Rio Olympics as "outrageous" after being disqualified from the men's 100m backstroke.
Glamorgan director of cricket Ashley Rudolph has urged the club's senior players to "stand up" after their second defeat of the County Championship season.
Ford has reported a sharp rise in first-quarter profits, helped by a strong performance in Europe and North America.
A man accused of murdering an off-duty Metropolitan Police officer has told a jury he did not intend to kill him.
Leeds United managing director David Haigh has resigned following the takeover of the Championship club by Massimo Cellino's GFH group.
A council in Cornwall is considering a council tax rise as it faces a £580,000 budget shortfall.
Spain's left-wing leader has lost a vote of confidence in parliament, paving the way for fresh elections in June.
Wales head coach Warren Gatland says his side must learn from their heavy defeat by New Zealand in the three-Test series in New Zealand.
An ambulance has been involved in a crash with two cars in Lincolnshire, police have said.
Poland's Football Minister Mateusz Pohorecki has defended his country's decision to co-host Euro 2012 with Ukraine.
Former SNP leader Alex Salmond has been criticised by Scottish Conservative leader Ruth Davidson for failing to attend Westminster's debate on Syria.
A new report has called for the Borders Railway to be extended to the Cumbrian border.
Campaigners have welcomed news that a feasibility study is to be carried out into the possibility of extending the railway from Hawick to Carlisle.
Older people are increasingly looking for ways to stay connected with the world around them - social media, mobile phones, tablets and even virtual reality.
The Isle of Man's King Edward Pier has reopened after it was damaged when a packet ship hit it in high winds.
Shane Meadows is to return to Channel 4 for a sequel to his film This is England '86, it has been confirmed.
Former Secretary of State Jack Straw has defended his role in a review of the Freedom of Information Act.
Namibia's Julius Indongo won the IBF featherweight title with a unanimous points decision over Burns at the Hydro in Glasgow.
Mohammed has been working on the walls of the Mourne mountains in County Down for more than a year.
A man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a man who died in a house fire in Fraserburgh in 2014.
A man thought to have been involved in an attempted abduction at RAF Marham was not one of the suspects, police have said.
North Korea has failed in its latest attempt to fire a ballistic missile, South Korean officials say.
Holyrood's Finance Committee has said it is "extremely important" the Scottish government does not overspend in its budget.
The European Space Agency has launched what it says will be the world's most efficient Earth observation network.
Catalans Dragons suffered their second Super League defeat of the season as they were thrashed by Hull FC at Stade Gilbert Brutus.
Plans to build up to 5,000 homes on greenbelt land in Greater Manchester are to be "radically re-write", the region's mayor has said.
Thousands of British soldiers have complained on social media about a new type of body armour.
Rangers have signed Stoke City striker Joe Gordon on loan until the end of the season.
A children's entertainment troupe may not return to the same town next year after being attacked by a gang of 20 teenagers.
A march which was called off last week over fears of a counter-demonstration by republicans has been rescheduled.
Former Chelsea, Blackburn Rovers and Southampton defender Paul Le Saux has called for more support for gay footballers.
Archaeologists have uncovered the remains of an Iron Age settlement in Dorset.
There is "no support" for deaf people looking for work in Wales, a charity has said.
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho wants to make changes to his squad after spending £480m on players since 2013, the BBC understands.
The Scottish Labour Party could raise up to £1.2bn a year if it wins the Holyrood election, according to a new report.
Japanese camera firm Olympus has pleaded guilty in a Tokyo court to concealing $1.3bn (£1.1bn) in losses.
An Egyptian court has postponed the verdict in the retrial of three journalists accused of collaborating with the Muslim Brotherhood.
A teenager who was stabbed to death in east London has been named by police.
Saracens lock Alex Kruis has been included in England's training squad for the first time since being cited by the Rugby Football Union for a dangerous tackle.
An outbreak of Dengue fever in Burkina Faso has killed more than 100 people, the World Health Organization says.
Plans to build a visitor centre at the site of the Battle of Naseby have been given a £9,900 boost.
Nottingham Forest have signed Greece Under-21 midfielder Apostolos Bouchalakis on a two-year deal.
At least 30 people have been killed in an air strike by the US-led coalition against so-called Islamic State in eastern Syria, activists say.
A Londonderry teacher with learning disabilities has been named as the BBC's Unsung Hero for 2016.
A hospital which is "desperate" to recruit new nurses is bringing in staff from overseas to help.
An Israeli soldier has been killed and another injured in a car attack in the occupied West Bank, the Israeli military says.
Floyd Mayweather and Conor McGregor have traded insults ahead of their super-fight on 26 August.
David Cameron's family have been accused of using inheritance tax rules to avoid paying tax on gifts made to their children after their father died.
Hundreds of people have attended a ceremony to switch on a church's floodlights, more than two years after they were stolen.
Seven Iranians have been charged in the US over a series of cyber-attacks on US energy and water companies.
Shrewsbury Town have signed Brighton & Hove Albion's England Under-19 international Josh Roberts on loan until the end of the season.
Swansea University has announced plans for a £1m revamp of its main building.
More than 90% of small businesses in England and Wales have now enrolled their staff in a state pension.
A man has been given a suspended jail sentence for starting a fire that destroyed a former seaside resort in Devon.
Fleetwood Town have signed Swindon Town midfielder Joe Burns on loan until the end of the season.
Brazil's President Dilma Rousseff has said the country is ready to host the 2016 Olympic Games, which will be held in Rio de Janeiro.
Pakistan has condemned a US drone strike in the north of the country that killed at least 14 people, including children.
The life of one of Scotland's most famous detectives has been celebrated at the National Crime Museum.
Two nurses have been jailed for more than eight months for wilful neglect of patients.
A judge in the Brazilian state of Minas Gerais has lifted a ban on the construction of a controversial hydro-electric dam.
The RSPB has said it is "extremely concerned" about the number of Little Terns at a site in Norfolk.
A baby pine marten has been captured on camera for the first time in Wales.
A Scottish woman who was jailed in Peru for trying to smuggle cocaine into the UK has arrived back in the UK.
The Pensions Regulator is launching a new campaign to get more people to sign up to a workplace pension.
A man accused of murdering his partner thought about jumping off a cliff, a court has heard.
A performance of a Donizetti opera at the Royal Opera House in London was interrupted by a fire alarm.
Tributes have been paid to Dr John Hinds, one of Northern Ireland's most well-known motorcycle doctors.
Munster and Ireland legend Bernard Foley was known as the man who ran at people rather than around them.
The UK's telecoms regulator Ofcom has launched an app to help people check if their wi-fi is working properly.
Graeme McDowell's hopes of winning his first European Tour title were dashed as he carded a three-over-par final round of 75 at the Turkish Open.
Scientists are trialling 3D bio-printing on human cells in a bid to create new body parts.
The Pacific islands of Palau lie off the west coast of South America and are home to more than 1,000 people.
Napoli missed the chance to go top of Serie A as they were held to a draw by AC Milan.
Mark Ronson and Bruno Mars have been added to the list of songwriters on Marvin Gaye's 1971 hit Got to Give It Up, according to Billboard.
China's President Xi Jinping has said his country will not interfere in the affairs of other countries.
An MP has been accused of being a hypocrite after opening a shop selling Coca-Cola in Leicester.
A police unit which failed to investigate a rape allegation against a man who went on to kill his two children was "wholly inappropriate", a watchdog has said.
The wife of a British man found dead in Myanmar (Burma) has told the BBC he had been drinking before his death.
More than 1,800 Palestinians have been killed in the six-month conflict between Israel and Hamas in Gaza, according to the United Nations.
Great Britain's medal haul at the Rio Olympics was the best in the country's history.
The launch of a new telephone system for NHS 24 in Wales has been delayed until 2017.
A man has died and another is in a critical condition after being stabbed in Wolverhampton.
If you want to know what's going to happen in the North West of England over the next six weeks, either UKIP or the smaller parties will give you a run for your money.
Welsh Water is to launch a new tariff aimed at helping those who struggle to pay their water bills.
Aston Villa boss Remi Garde is expected to name Steven Caulker in his starting line-up for Saturday's Premier League game at West Brom.
Premiership champions Saracens have signed hooker Dave Porecki on a deal until the end of the season.
The Archbishop of Londonderry, Justin Martin, has said the Church of Ireland should apologise to the families of children who died at mother-and-baby homes.
A man accused of being part of the Hatton Garden jewellery heist offered to hand over a smaller stash in return for a bigger haul, a court has heard.
The Singing Sewermen have released a Christmas song to highlight the problem of fat blocking London's sewers.
Valve has announced a major overhaul of the way games are published on its Steam service.
An Iranian court has sentenced a man to 10 years in prison for spying for the United States, state media report.
Former celebrity publicist Max Clifford "gyrated around" when he was questioned about an allegation that he indecently assaulted a woman, a court has heard.
A new species of thrush has been discovered in the Himalayas in India, scientists say.
Floyd Mayweather and Conor McGregor have traded insults ahead of their super-fight in August.
A man has admitted attacking a man with a baseball bat and a piece of wood in the early hours of the morning.
Olympic gold medallist Chris Lewis-Francis has been left out of Great Britain's four-man bobsleigh squad for the World Championships in Lillehammer.
Two men who died in a factory explosion were working in a booth bought from an RAF base, an inquest has heard.
The Cotswolds home of author John Fowles is to be opened to the public for the first time in more than 50 years.
Ben Woodburn became the youngest player to score in the EFL Cup as Liverpool beat Leeds to reach the semi-finals for the first time.
West Ham have been ordered to reveal how much they pay in rent for their Olympic Stadium home, amid claims the deal gives them an unfair advantage.
Prince Charles has warned of the dangers facing Christians in the Middle East in his Christmas message.
Education Secretary Nicky Morgan has announced plans for a new school funding formula in England, which she says will ensure money goes "straight to the frontline".
When Prime Minister Theresa May announced her Budget last week, she said she wanted to raise as much money as she could from taxes as soon as possible.
When I first started working at Test Match Special (TMS) in 2007, I was given the opportunity to meet and speak to one of the greats in the game, Henry Blowers.
Real Madrid kept up the pressure on La Liga leaders Barcelona with a comfortable win over Real Sociedad.
Pakistan's southern Sindh province has become the first in the country to recognise Hindu marriages, under a new law.
Harlequins have signed French fly-half Demetri Catrakilis from Toulon.
More than 3,000 people have been told to leave their homes in two villages near a volcano in Guatemala that has been erupting since Saturday.
Scientists say they have developed a test that can tell how well a person is ageing.
A woman from Gwynedd has said her mobile phone "probably saved her life" after she was hit by a piece of debris in the Manchester attack.
Russia has said its air strike on a building in the Syrian city of al-Bab on Thursday was "mistaken" and that Turkish troops were at the site.
Liverpool City Region will not support a plan to merge the city's two largest hospitals, the region's leader has said.
Two fishing boats have been rescued after running aground in Dartmoor harbour.
The body of a woman has been found after a fire at a house in the Highlands.
South West Trains passengers who got off their trains and walked on to the track after a signalling fault have said they were told to leave by police.
Four men have been jailed for their part in a plot to smuggle more than 20 guns into the UK through the Channel Tunnel.
A couple have been found guilty of murdering their seven-year-old son in a witchcraft exorcism.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at the threat posed by cyber-security to small businesses.
The Pension Protection Fund (PPF) could take over the pension scheme of the former Hoover factory in Merthyr Tydfil, BBC Wales understands.
A man in his 20s has died following an incident in Dublin city centre, police have said.
A woman has died and another has been seriously injured after two cars crashed in Aberdeenshire.
Last week, the UK's Brexit Secretary David Davis told the House of Commons that he wanted a "seamless" border between Northern Ireland and the Republic after Brexit.
Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns has said the High Court ruling on Brexit is "disappointing".
Scientists at the University of Bristol have developed a 3D-printed cartilage that they say is more durable than real cartilage.
Humberside Pier has been bought by a businessman who plans to turn it into a wedding venue and craft market.
"When I first started working in the City of London 30 years ago, there was always a queue of people waiting to get in and out of the stock exchange," says David Haynes.
League Two side Crawley Town have re-signed midfielder Sam Bobson on a one-year deal following his release by Liverpool.
The University Boat Race has returned to Newcastle for the first time in six years.
The Russian aircraft carrier Admiral Kuznetsov and other warships have entered the English Channel as part of an anti-terror mission.
Images courtesy of Dronestagram, National Geographic and National Geographic France.
West Ham have signed Fenerbahce striker Nwankwo Emenike on a season-long loan deal.
Thieves used a dumper truck to smash through the front doors of a bank and steal an ATM.
England and Wales will meet in the last 16 of the World Snooker Championship on Saturday.
The mother of a teenager who died in a car crash in the Highlands has paid tribute to her "gorgeous girl".
Sweden's Henrik Stenson won his first European Tour title with a one-shot victory at the Dubai Desert Classic.
French prosecutors say they have found human remains at the site of the crashed Germanwings flight 4U 9525 in the French Alps.
Botswana's president has ordered the arrest of American pastor David Anderson for allegedly making homophobic remarks on a radio show.
Wales full-back Liam Williams will miss Scarlets' opening Pro12 game against Leinster on Saturday because of injury.
Maidenhead United striker Jamie Campbell is playing in the FA Cup for the first time in more than a year.
Plans to merge railway policing into the Police Service of Scotland have been approved by MSPs.
Northern Ireland Secretary Theresa Villiers has confirmed that the Stormont Executive is to borrow £700m to pay off thousands of public servants.
Ross County have re-signed midfielder Jim O'Brien on a permanent deal.
When Maria Sharapova beat Serena Williams in the final of the Wimbledon women's singles on Sunday, she did not know who some of the world's most famous sportsmen were.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of sexually abusing two boys at a children's home.
The National Assembly for Wales should be given the power to call itself the Welsh Parliament, AMs are to be told.
Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns says he was "emotional" as he watched David Cameron's final speech as prime minister.
Plans for a new £50m creative hub in Camarthenshire are to be rejected by the Welsh government.
Scientists at Paignton Zoo are studying how a particular breed of honey bee has survived a deadly disease.
A £325,000 settlement offer has been made in a long-running dispute over plans for a new mosque in Dudley.
French police have arrested three people in connection with the robbery of reality TV star Kim Kardashian West.
We stood in a long queue for more than three hours, listening to a man who knew everything about Muhammad Ali.
Bath director of rugby Dean Smith says he is not surprised by Sam Burgess's decision to switch codes from rugby league to union.
An Australian woman accused of abducting her six-year-old son and four-year old daughter in Lebanon has been released without charge.
A new method of identifying cancer cells has been developed by researchers at the University of Aberdeen.
Bristol have re-signed Leinster scrum-half Tom Harris-Wright on a two-year deal.
A lorry driver has been jailed for six years for causing the deaths of a couple in a head-on crash.
The number of new house sales fell in April for the first time in eight months, according to a survey of surveyors.
Nigeria's new President Muhammadu Buhari has promised to tackle the country's $60bn (Â£38bn) debt, in his first major speech since taking office.
Scarlets scrum-half James Davies has apologised for using "foul or abusive language" during Sunday's Pro12 game against Toulon in France.
The body of children's author Helen Bailey may have been dumped in a cesspit, a court has heard.
Tom Daley won silver in the men's synchronised 10m platform at the World Aquatics Championships in Budapest, Hungary.
Plans to build more than 300 homes in Flintshire have been given the go ahead.
Rock star David Bowie has died at the age of 69.
Singapore-based Olam International has been accused of failing to do enough to stop illegal slash-and-burn practices in Indonesia that contribute to haze in the region.
A British peer has been caught on camera praising China's economic policies in Lhasa.
A shark has been found dead on a beach in Pembrokeshire.
A slow-moving current in the Atlantic Ocean could be the cause of a slowdown in global warming, according to a study in the journal Science.
The January transfer window is about to close, with clubs and agents scrambling to secure the best possible deal for their players.
A council has been ordered to pay compensation to a family forced to leave their homes after a landslip.
Alexis Sanchez scored the only goal of the game as Arsenal beat 10-man Hull in the Premier League at Emirates Stadium.
Facebook has said it will take action against convicted sex offenders after a BBC investigation uncovered "vile" pages on the platform.
Aaron Ramsey scored the only goal of the game as Norwich City were relegated from the Premier League following Arsenal's victory at Carrow Road.
Derbyshire director of cricket Steve Barnett has been appointed as the county's new head coach.
England's Keaton Jennings should be dropped for the rest of the series against South Africa, says Australia captain Steve Smith.
Regulators are to investigate whether more former HBOS senior managers should be banned from the banking industry, following criticism from two reports.
NHS Lothian has suspended a cleaner after a woman was contacted on Facebook by a man who had got her name from a computer.
Troops in the Philippines say they are in "complete control" of the city of Marawi after a week of clashes with Islamist militants.
The Rail, Maritime and Transport (RMT) union has accused Southern of "targeted harassment" over a social media campaign.
Five teenagers have been arrested after a laser pen was used to distract a pilot during an approach to Edinburgh Airport.
A man who raped a woman as she walked home from a night out has lost an appeal against his sentence.
Derbyshire have signed Shiv Thakor and James Godleman for the 2017 season.
Two Polish police officers have been sent to a town where a Polish man was stabbed to death.
As the UK prepares to vote on whether to stay in or leave the European Union, BBC News takes a look at how British expats living in Australia can vote.
An athletics club has said it is "extremely disappointed" after being told it can no longer train on grass in a park in Slough.
Jess Glynne is to play four more dates at Wembley Stadium in 2017, making her the first artist to play the stadium five times.
Castleford ran in eight tries to thrash Leigh Centurions and go top of Super League for the first time this season.
The number of plastic carrier bags thrown away in England has more than doubled in the last three years, new figures show.
Protests continue in the US city of Ferguson, Missouri, following the killing of a black man by a white police officer.
Thousands of people have taken to the streets of Belfast for the city's annual Pride festival.
The UN tribunal investigating the killing of Lebanon's former Prime Minister Rafik Hariri has opened in The Hague against a Lebanese journalist and her TV station.
Boris Johnson, known as the "zip wire prat", has become a major figure in the campaign for the UK's EU referendum.
South African athlete Oscar Pistorius will not be released early from prison, his lawyer has said.
The family of a 15-year-old boy who broke his spine trying to get away from bullies have told Newsbeat he is "a good lad who would do anything for anyone".
A group of South Sudanese musicians have called on the country's warring factions to stop fighting and to forgive each other.
Roberto Babenco, the director of the 1987 Oscar-nominated Kiss of the Spider Woman, has died at the age of 74, his agent has said.
Scientists in the UK and Switzerland have developed a robot that can build new versions of itself.
Ed Sheeran has given his clothes to charity shops in a bid to raise money for children's hospitals.
A Tanzanian politician has said he will ban gay people from using the internet, in a tweet that has been widely condemned.
A 79-year-old man has died after being found unconscious in the River Leith in Edinburgh.
Ten-man Dagenham & Redbridge missed a late penalty as they were beaten by 10-man Mansfield Town, who remain bottom of League Two.
Six people have been arrested following disorder at a football match, police have said.
A man has been jailed for life for murdering his sister by setting fire to her home and setting her on fire.
Two men have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was killed in a hit-and-run in Rotherham.
Newport County striker James Washington says he has been "lucky" to be part of Northern Ireland's World Cup qualifying campaign.
A Grade II-listed manor house has reopened to the public after a £2.5m revamp.
A British couple have become the first married couple to compete in the World Para-athletics Championships, by carrying each other on their backs.
The United Nations has welcomed the signing of a new global treaty to ban the sale and production of all arms.
The Great Manchester Run and athletics' Great CityGames will go ahead as planned, despite Monday's terror attack in the city.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a motorcyclist was killed in a collision with a car.
Essex fast bowler Andy Harmer says he will "probably never take four five-fers or 28 wickets in two games" again.
An inquiry into the provision of education and training to prisoners in England and Wales has been launched by the justice secretary.
In the 1970s and 1980s, Latin America was dominated by a series of military dictatorships.
They are students at a university in the Netherlands, and they are working on a new form of transport.
A jockey who was found drunk at the wheel of his car has been banned from driving for two years.
Swansea council is set to move to a new site in the city centre, the BBC has learned.
A dog found abandoned on a road in Kent has had its tail docked by its owner, the RSPCA has said.
A man has been shot dead in a bar in Dublin city centre.
Sale Sharks hooker Vadim Cobilas has joined French side Bordeaux-Begles on a two-year deal.
Dundee United have signed Scott Keatings from Hibernian on a two-year deal.
Mortgage approvals rose at their fastest pace for more than a year in July, suggesting the UK housing market may be gathering momentum.
The father and stepfather of murdered Bradford woman Shazia Shahid have appeared in court in Pakistan.
Chinese search giant Baidu has unveiled its first artificial intelligence (AI) that can be controlled by voice.
Lorry drivers have been caught using their mobile phones while driving during a police operation.
Britain's Kyle Edmund reached the second round of the Gerry Weber Open in Belgium with a hard-fought win over American Sam Querrey.
Nigeria's former defence minister Bello Haliru Mohammed has been remanded in custody after appearing in court charged with fraud.
Police are searching for a father and his two children who have gone missing from their home.
Christian Pulisic scored a stoppage-time equaliser as Borussia Dortmund came from two goals down to draw with Ingolstadt.
Voting is under way in the General Election in Cheshire.
Scotland midfielder Alan Forsyth is relishing the prospect of playing against the world's top teams at the Hockey World League semi-finals in London on Saturday.
A drugs expert has warned people not to take ecstasy pills with the superman logo after three men died from suspected overdoses.
Sweden's Nobel Prize committee has awarded the prize for economics to former Nokia chief executive Peter Hart and economist Carl Holmstrom for their work on contracts.
More than 1,000 people have been killed by freezing weather in northern Italy, officials say, with more snow forecast.
The European Union's gene-research agency, AZZ, has announced plans to use a new gene-editing technique to develop new medicines.
St Helens have announced plans for a major redevelopment of the club's home ground.
Ten-year-old Tom and his sister Mali have been helping their family during lambing season on their farm in Gwynedd.
Two men have been taken to hospital with serious injuries after a fight broke out at a nightclub in Dundee city centre.
Bottles of whisky recovered from the wreck of a cargo ship more than 70 years ago have been sold at auction for £7,000.
A police force has been accused of "trivialising a serious matter" after a "sexually offensive" sandcastle was unveiled at a beach event.
The UK's decision to vote to leave the European Union has been met with a mixed reaction across Europe.
The owners of Silverstone Circuit have said they will continue to run the track "on a go-it-alone basis" following the sale of Formula 1.
Two World War Two pilots who took part in the D-Day landings in Germany have been honoured at a Gloucester museum.
Rio Tinto has raised its takeover offer for Australian steelmaker Riversdale from A$3.9bn to A$4.1bn.
The head of the main opposition party in the Democratic Republic of Congo has called for a boycott of a referendum on constitutional changes.
Leinster have re-signed Niall Morris from Leicester Tigers on a two-year deal.
A cyclist who died after being hit by a truck has been named by police as a former Olympic gold medallist.
A five-year-old boy with a rare form of cancer who was cheered on by Sunderland fans has lost his fight against the disease.
South Korean tech giant Samsung has agreed to buy German car parts maker Magna for $2.3bn (£1.9bn).
The EFL Cup third round, Scottish League Cup quarter-finals and Premier League play-off semi-finals are all live on BBC One.
Peterborough United have signed striker Jordan Lloyd from non-league side AFC Fylde for an undisclosed fee.
Plans for a major redevelopment of a former music venue in Cornwall have been given the go-ahead.
A man accused of shooting dead an Indian man and wounding another in the US state of Kansas has been charged with murder.
Hundreds of mourners have attended the funeral of entertainer Keith Harris in his home town of Wrexham.
George Marshall scored a hat-trick as Gloucester came from behind to beat Sale Sharks and move into the Premiership's top six.
Google has been ordered to hand over details of people who left negative reviews of a Dutch children's nursery on its social network Google+.
Westfields Town have been drawn at home to National League North side Merstham in the FA Cup second round.
US President Donald Trump has signed an executive order aimed at protecting religious groups' tax-exempt status.
A mother and daughter who filmed a far-right leader shouting racist abuse at a rally have said they are "too strong to be scared" of such people.
A man has been found not guilty of causing death by dangerous driving after a fight at a Dorset holiday park.
Former Premier League midfielder Chris Ridgewell scored the winner as Portland Timbers beat Columbus Crew 2-1 to win the Major League Soccer Cup.
The mother of a Hillsborough victim has received a knighthood in the Queen's Birthday Honours list.
The International Olympic Committee (IOC) has said it is "greatly interested" in a South Korean proposal to co-host the 2018 Winter Olympics with North Korea.
Footage has emerged of the moment a gunman opened fire at Turkish journalist Arda Dundar and his colleagues at the Cumhuriyet news agency.
Carmarthenshire council has confirmed it will continue to use Carmarthen's Guildhall as a law court.
Burmese opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi has said she is "delighted" that Brighton Festival will be held in her honour.
The Duke of Cambridge has announced he will retire from the RAF at the end of the month.
The US Senate has voted against a treaty on the rights of disabled people, despite the backing of several disabled politicians.
The High Court judge who ruled that MPs should be given a vote on when to start the process of leaving the European Union is "not a Eurosceptic", her lawyer has said.
More than 1,700 Kenyan schoolchildren have taken part in a bid to break the world record for the most people reading from a single book at the same time.
Spain's Dani Pedrosa won his first MotoGP race in more than two years to move level on points with world champion Valentino Rossi at Misano.
JK Rowling has defended herself on Twitter after she was called a "traitor" and a "disgrace" by some of her followers.
A coroner's report into the death of prominent Iranian dissident Behrouz Beheshti has concluded that he died of shock.
A World War One aerodrome in Dorset has been given Grade II listed status.
A man has appeared in court charged with two counts of attempted murder.
There has been a significant improvement in the time it takes for criminal cases to be heard in sheriff courts, according to a new report.
A new police horse has been named after a Scottish island after a public vote.
A man has been charged in connection with a ram-raid on a Fife supermarket.
The MTV Europe Music Awards take place in Glasgow on Sunday night.
At least seven people have been killed in shelling by pro-Russian rebels on a school playground in eastern Ukraine.
The trial of an Irish teenager held in an Egyptian prison for more than two years has been adjourned until next month.
A group of farmers and businesses who have signed up to the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scheme are to meet to discuss their future.
The University of Ulster (UU) has warned that the vote to leave the European Union could lead to a drop in the number of EU students in Northern Ireland.
Hull City have completed the signing of Palermo striker Abel Hernandez for a club-record fee of £10m and Newcastle winger Hatem Ben Arfa for an undisclosed fee.
Big Ben's 150th anniversary is to be marked with a series of events in the capital, it has been announced.
A baby wombat has been born at a wildlife refuge, bringing the number of the animals there to more than 250.
England head coach Steve McNamara says he is in "no rush" to sign a new contract after his side's series win over New Zealand.
A man who raped and murdered an Irish woman in Melbourne, Australia, has been found guilty of five more rapes.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge and Prince Harry are to attend a memorial service for their mother Princess Diana.
The sale of ARM Holdings to Japan's Softbank is a "disaster" for the UK economy, the chairman of the Cambridge-based chip firm Lord Myners has said.
Grime artist Ray BLK has been named on BBC Radio 1's Sound of 2017 list.
A Canadian theme park has been charged with animal cruelty for allegedly failing to provide adequate care for a baby polar bear.
Hibernian Ladies are through to the last 16 of the Scottish Women's Premier League Cup after a 2-0 win over Queen of the South.
Mae Heddlu De Cymru wedi cael eu bod wedi derbyn adroddiad o "becyn amheus" yng Nghaerdydd, yn ôl dyn ei arestio.
More than 1,000 holidaymakers are still waiting to find out if they will be able to go on their holidays after a Birmingham-based airline collapsed.
The captain of the Italian cruise ship Costa Concordia, which capsized in January 2012 killing 32 people, has begun an appeal against his conviction.
Nicola Sturgeon has said the SNP will continue to work with the EU to tackle global problems such as climate change.
Lebanese security forces have foiled an attempt to smuggle millions of stimulant pills into Saudi Arabia, state media report.
Mexican drug lord Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman is set to be extradited to the United States to stand trial on charges of drug trafficking and money laundering.
Archaeologists say they have uncovered the first evidence of Ice Age hunting tools in Europe.
Chelsea and Manchester City have been charged by the Football Association for failing to control their players during Saturday's Premier League game.
Scientists have found a new species of dinosaur in Argentina, Argentina.
England footballer Adam Johnson has denied three counts of sexual activity with a child.
The new operator of London Underground has been accused of "failing to clarify" its plans for driver-operated trains.
The theory that dinosaurs were able to cross from Africa to Asia in the late Cretaceous period has been put forward by scientists.
A light aeroplane has crashed in North Yorkshire, but no-one was hurt.
The head of one of the biggest banks in the UK has told the BBC that he is prepared to move jobs out of London and into the EU.
Protests have broken out in the Indian-administered Kashmir region after a temple was damaged in the city of Srinagar.
A legal challenge to the conduct of Scottish Liberal Democrat leader Alistair Carmichael is to be considered by the Court of Session.
Braille paving stones which were supposed to spell out a poem have been described as "gobbledygook" by a teacher.
Lewis Hamilton says he has to improve his consistency if he is to win a fourth world title.
The release date for Grand Theft Auto V on PC has been pushed back.
Rotherham United have signed midfielder Jack Rothwell and defender Harry Maguire on two-year deals.
GPs in England are being banned from referring patients for so-called gay conversion therapy, Newsbeat has learned.
One of the world's leading security experts says he has foiled an attempt to smuggle heroin into his home.
A health trust has been told to improve after inspectors found a culture of bullying and low morale at two hospitals.
Salmon sales in the first three months of 2017 were the biggest ever for British food and drink exports, according to the Food and Drink Federation (FDF).
Scotland's first female black belt in karate, Ann Grainger, says she would go to get her black belt even if her house was on fire.
Dozens of pilot whales stranded on a beach in the southern Indian city of Tuticorin have died, officials say.
A man accused of murdering his former partner told police she "fell" when she was attacked with a knife, a court has heard.
League One side Gillingham have signed midfielder Jordan Emmanuel-Thomas on a two-year deal following his release by Championship side Loftus Road.
The Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scheme has been in the news again, this time for a very different reason.
Tyrrell Hatton's five-under-par 66 in the final round of the Scottish Open at Dundonald Links was the highlight of a remarkable year for the young Englishman.
Former England captain Michael Vaughan described the second Test win over Pakistan as "the best four days of cricket he's ever seen".
Kilmarnock have re-signed former Hearts midfielder Jamie Hamill on a free transfer.
Lindsey Vonn has become the most successful female skier of all time after winning the overall World Cup title for the second time.
Justice Secretary Michael Gove has said it is "official British government policy" for Turkey to become a member of the EU and not for a referendum on it.
People have been using Your Questions to ask us what they want to know about the BBC.
Volkswagen has confirmed that up to 10,000 new cars in the UK and Ireland may be affected by the emissions scandal.
Voters in Nigeria are going to the polls to elect their new governors and state legislators.
Hibernian head coach Neil Lennon has been given a one-match touchline ban by Uefa.
A&E performance in Northern Ireland has been a major source of frustration for years.
Celtic manager Brendan Rodgers, Aberdeen boss Derek McInnes and Partick Thistle counterpart Alan Archibald are among the nominees for the Scottish Football Writers' Association manager of the year award.
A long, slow sigh sounded in the room as the Church in Wales' first female bishop was about to be sworn in.
A group of former paramilitaries who were injured during the Troubles are calling for a special pension for their injuries.
A white supremacist has been sentenced to death for killing two people and wounding three others in shootings outside Jewish community centres.
Norwich City have completed the signing of Wigan Athletic defender Danny Wildschut for an undisclosed fee and Ajax midfielder Marvin Dijks on a season-long loan.
The Duke of Cambridge has finished his search and rescue duties on Anglesey, the BBC understands.
Alloa Athletic were knocked out of the Scottish Challenge Cup at the last-16 stage as Jamie Dobbie's header saw off Dumfries & Galloway.
An inquest into the death of a man who collapsed after being restrained by members of the public has been opened and adjourned.
A man has been arrested in connection with the murder of a Greek businessman and his wife and their housekeeper in Washington DC last week.
Malaysia's film censorship board has approved the release of Disney's Beauty and the Beast, but with "a minor edit".
The body of a man has been found on a Gwynedd beach after a search.
Australia's immigration minister Peter Dutton has accused the media of "trivialising" allegations of abuse at an offshore detention centre.
Prosecutors in Mexico have asked a judge to issue arrest warrants for the director of a nursery where dozens of children died in a fire in 2009.
A man has been arrested in connection with the murder of a schoolgirl in West Yorkshire more than 50 years ago.
If you're looking for the best hotel in the world, there are few better places to stay than a hotel.
Chelsea midfielders Cesc Fabregas and Pedro have been included in Spain's squad for the first time under new coach Julen Lopetegui.
A collection of short stories by Indian author Pranab Mukherjee has been shortlisted for the Man Booker Prize.
Thousands of people have gathered in the Italian town of Tomatina to celebrate its 70th Tomato Festival.
A mako shark has been caught and released off the Pembrokeshire coast.
A video of a gorilla "dancing" in the enclosure has gone viral on social media.
When I first started covering sport, I was often asked if I thought it was safe to go to a match.
The number of nurses and midwives in Scotland is at its lowest level for more than a decade, according to a union.
The 1966 World Cup anthem sung by England's 1966 team has been released for the first time in more than 30 years.
A hacker has hijacked hundreds of high-end printers and posted messages warning owners that they have been hacked.
A 15-year-old boy has been charged in connection with a serious assault in Aberdeen city centre.
Macclesfield moved into the National League play-off places with a comfortable win at Wrexham.
Liberal Democrat leader Nick Clegg has backed plans for live TV debates ahead of the general election, despite the prime minister's opposition.
The demolition of the so-called "Jungle" migrant camp in Calais, France, has now been completed.
Egyptian President Abdul Fattah al-Sisi has been sworn in for a fourth term in office, saying it was the first peaceful transfer of power in the country's history.
Birmingham City boss Gianfranco Zola saw his side held to a draw by 10-man Barnsley at Oakwell.
The University of Oxford (OU) is planning to use data gathered from its online learning programme to help students who are struggling.
Women's Super League One leaders Manchester City secured their first win of the season with a narrow victory over Birmingham City Women.
The number of undocumented immigrants arrested in the US has more than doubled in the first six months of the year, officials say.
West Indies batsman Chris Gayle has been suspended by the Big Bash League (BBL) for "disrespectful and inappropriate" comments he made during a television interview.
A Brazilian man has been arrested at Rome's Bologna airport after trying to smuggle cocaine into Italy in the form of trainers.
Nato forces in Afghanistan say they have reached an agreement with the Afghan government on the withdrawal of American troops from the province of Wardak.
Universities in Wales must "recapture their civic mission" after the Brexit vote, the Welsh Secretary has said.
India is one of the world's fastest-growing economies, and many of its citizens rely on dairy products to feed their families.
The Doonhamers music festival has been cancelled because of a lack of ticket sales.
Sir Ben Ainslie said it was a "huge privilege" to lead Oracle Team USA to a dramatic victory in the America's Cup in San Francisco.
Swansea City midfielder Angel Rangel says Manchester City are "looking like the best team in the UK" under new manager Pep Guardiola.
England's Laura Massaro and Nick Matthew will meet in Sunday's British Open final after semi-final wins in Hull.
Nine former workers at Londonderry's Ilex regeneration scheme are taking legal action against the Northern Ireland Executive.
A number of wards at Dumfries and Galloway Royal Infirmary have reopened after being closed to new admissions due to norovirus.
Images of children living in "terrifying conditions" in the 1960s and 1970s are to be exhibited for the first time in 50 years.
Two men have been charged with causing the death of a teenager in a car crash.
A third ferry has been brought in to replace the Condor Liberation, which crashed into a quayside last month.
A man has been given a suspended prison sentence for killing a cat in a hotel kitchen in Denbighshire.
Thousands of migrants are stranded in France after a strike by workers at a ferry terminal.
Team Sky continued to inject riders despite a ban on the practice in cycling, the Press Association has said.
A man has been cleared of stealing a cat from a Kent woman's home.
David Beckham's speech has changed dramatically since his move to the US, according to research by the University of Bristol.
Former Wales scrum-half Gareth Phillips says he is "massively surprised" by reports that Racing 92 and Stade Francais are set to merge.
Emoji flags for Wales, Scotland and England are to be made available on computers and mobile devices.
(Close): The FTSE 100 ended the day higher after Scotland voted against independence.
Racism, gender-based bullying and bullying towards young lesbian or gay people are "on the increase", according to a report by MSPs.
Scots Gaelic speakers on the Western Isles have been targeted in an email scam, it has emerged.
League One side Rochdale have re-signed Shaun Whalley on a one-year deal following a successful trial.
Three cars have been involved in a crash in Aberdeenshire, police have said.
Coventry City Rugby Club has asked the city council to help it find a new stadium site, it has emerged.
Glamorgan director of cricket Hugh Morris says the county are looking to strengthen their fast bowling department ahead of the 2017 season.
Exeter hooker Ben Youngs says he is determined to regain his place in the England side after undergoing shoulder surgery.
Wales suffered their worst defeat of the autumn internationals as they were beaten by Australia at Twickenham.
The home secretary has said it is "too early" to say whether net migration will be included in the Conservatives' election manifesto.
Rangers moved back into second place in the Scottish Premiership with a comfortable win over Aberdeen at Ibrox.
David Cameron has said it is time for the rest of the UK to "come together" following Scotland's vote to reject independence.
Scientists say they have developed a blood test that could help diagnose Alzheimer's disease.
The world's largest floating town has been unveiled in the waters off the coast of California in America.
Wales international Hal Robson-Kanu and Reading defender Rio Ferdinand have left the club, along with striker Jamie Cox.
A campaign group has called for Skegness' famous Jolly Fisherman to be removed from its posters.
French actor Gerard Depardieu has said he has been granted Russian citizenship by Moscow.
England's Chris Waites has been knocked out of the World Indoor Bowls Championship in the semi-finals by world number one Jens Noppert.
Swansea City have held talks with former England boss Paul Clement and Gary Rowett about the vacant manager's job.
Dundee have appointed Neil McCann as their new manager on a full-time basis.
Two Grade II-listed Victorian swimming pools and an 18th Century mansion have been added to the World Monuments Fund's list.
A chronology of key events:. (All times BST).
A Scottish Conservative MSP has been accused of "arrogance and blatant disrespect" after he missed a Holyrood meeting to attend a football match in Portugal.
One of the most extraordinary flowering plants in the world has bloomed for the first time.
More than 900 children under the age of 12 have been referred to a gender identity service in the past five years, figures show.
Bolivian President Evo Morales has lost a referendum on whether he can run for a third term.
Championship side Sheffield United have re-signed Fulham midfielder Richard Stearman on a one-year deal.
Leaders of the Tour de France had to be stopped by police after a train came within 10m (32ft) of them as they crossed the finish line.
A football game in the US state of Washington produced a series of small earthquakes on Sunday, seismologists say.
When football's world governing body, Fifa, announced it would be hosting the 2018 World Cup in Russia, it did so with the support of some of the world's biggest and most famous brands.
England say Wales have scrummaged "terribly illegally" during this year's Six Nations.
A man has admitted punching a newly-wed at a hotel after a row over a fireplace at a wedding.
British rider Cal Crutchlow won his first MotoGP race of the season at the United States Grand Prix.
Taliban fighters have been freed by Afghan forces after a raid in southern Afghanistan, the Nato military alliance says.
Indonesia, a vast archipelago of more than 17,000 islands, is one of the world's fastest growing economies.
Sainsbury's has reported a drop in sales for the third quarter in a row, as it continues to fight off competition from discount chains.
A new genetic test for inherited heart conditions could be rolled out on the NHS in the UK, the NHS Foundation Trust says.
Hampshire beat Glamorgan by eight wickets in the One-Day Cup as Middlesex beat Sussex by two runs in a thrilling finish.
A man has appeared in court charged with setting fire to a fishing boat off the coast of Peterhead.
Sri Lanka's military has denied allegations that two photographs taken on the last day of the country's war with Tamil Tiger rebels in 2009 show the killing of a seven-year-old boy.
Manchester City came from behind to beat Bayern Munich and progress to the last 16 of the Champions League.
A man has been jailed for life for the murder of a mother-of-three and the manslaughter of her friend.
It may not be the most famous British and Irish Lions film, but it is one of the most iconic.
A health trust that was placed in special measures after high mortality rates at Stafford Hospital has had its rating upgraded.
Bombay House in the Indian capital, Delhi, is one of the world's most iconic buildings.
Deportivo La Coruna have parted company with manager Davide Sanchez by mutual consent, reports BBC Radio Solent.
A US college that gave Bill Cosby a professorship is returning the money it had given to the comedian, who is facing a string of sexual assault allegations.
Former world number one Caroline Wozniacki will face Sloane Stephens in the Rogers Cup final on Sunday.
A woman who was killed when a lorry crashed into a block of flats in North Ayrshire has been named.
Five teenagers have been sentenced for their part in a riot in Cwmbran, Gwynedd.
Jockey Frankie Dettori produced a brilliant ride to win the 2000 Guineas at Newmarket for a third time.
India's government has proposed a bill that would ban all types of geospatial information, including maps, from being published in the country.
Rory McIlroy missed the cut for the third year in a row at the Tour Championship as Lee Westwood carded a six-under-par 66.
The National Portrait Gallery (NPG) has launched an appeal to save a painting of a former slave who was brought to England as a child.
Public hearings into allegations against former MP Lord Janner have been delayed until next year.
Voting is under way in local elections across England, with more than 2,300 candidates standing.
Israeli officials have lifted a ban on Palestinians entering the Old City of Jerusalem, which was imposed in response to recent violence at a holy site.
A seven-year-old Indian girl who went missing after a night out has been found safe and well.
Police investigating the discovery of three human feet in the same park have launched a new search.
Plans to turn part of the M4 into a "smart" motorway have been given the go-ahead.
More than 100 homes in the Channel Islands have been tested for radon gas, which can increase the risk of lung cancer.
More than 1,000 people have attended a public meeting to discuss plans to cut £1m from the budget of Lincolnshire County Council.
Alastair Cook and Tom Westley hit centuries on the first day of the County Championship match between Essex and Hampshire at Chelmsford.
Two police forces are to merge their dog units as part of cost-cutting measures.
Police failed to spot a man driving the wrong way down a motorway before he crashed and died, an inquest has heard.
Linfield will face Celtic in the Champions League second qualifying round after a goalless draw with Italian side Fiorentina at Windsor Park.
Plans to create 10 marine protected zones in Welsh waters have been dropped, the minister for natural resources has said.
Northern Ireland international Paddy Kenny has left League Two side Luton Town by mutual consent.
A man has been arrested after a police officer was seriously injured when he was hit by a car in Hamilton.
DNA belonging to one of two men accused of throwing acid in the face of a Sun journalist was found on his jacket, a court has heard.
A Celtic festival is getting under way in the Western Isles with a line-up of more than 30 acts.
The number of young women entering convents in the UK has reached its highest level for 25 years, the Catholic Church has said.
Wolves striker Tomasz Zyro could be out for up to a year after suffering cruciate knee ligament damage.
A British-Iranian woman jailed in Iran for five years has had her appeal against her sentence dismissed.
Bradford City progressed to the second round of the FA Cup with a comfortable victory over non-league Chesham United.
An ex-police officer has called for an investigation into the case of a woman found dead in a Derbyshire cemetery in 1973.
A police officer who was called to a hostel where a woman was stabbed to death has told an inquest the incident was "unbelievable".
The head of the Organization of American States (OAS), Luis Almagro, has hit back at Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro after he accused him of being a traitor.
Two fire stations in Berkshire are to close permanently, the fire authority has announced.
If you've been reading my blog for the past few days, you may have noticed that I've been talking a lot about the European Court of Justice.
A man has appeared in court charged in connection with the death of a 15-year-old girl who took a "new psychoactive substance".
A five-year-old boy in New Zealand has won a NZ$1m (Â£800,000; $1.2m) bonus bond, according to local media.
National League side Forest Green Rovers have signed 19-year-old midfielder Ben Davies on a one-year deal.
Noble Group, one of the world's biggest commodity traders, has warned of a $1.2bn (Â£1.1bn) writedown on its energy business due to falling coal prices.
South African police have reinstated charges against detective Hilton Botha, who was removed from the case of Oscar Pistorius last month.
Kirsty Williams, the leader of the Welsh Liberal Democrats, is facing her first election campaign as leader.
Nato needs to spend more money on defence, Defence Secretary Sir Michael Fallon has said.
A court in Iran has arrested eight people suspected of being involved in online modelling, state media report.
Britain's Lizzie Armitstead retained the leader's yellow jersey in the Tour of Britain as compatriot Marianne Vos won the penultimate stage.
A woman who was found dead at a house in Greater Manchester has been referred to the police watchdog.
A US pit bull rescue centre has offered to fly the dog back to the UK after its owner launched an appeal against a destruction order.
Michelle Yeoh has been named best actress for the first time at the Hong Kong Film Awards.
Britain's Victoria Pooley has come out of retirement to compete at the 2016 Olympics in Rio.
A man has pleaded not guilty to the manslaughter of a man who was mauled to death by his dog.
A man has said he was "humiliated" after being removed from a Tube train twice because he had wires in his bag.
Portugal's government has approved a law that will allow descendants of Sephardic Jews to apply for citizenship.
The Duchess of Cambridge has taken part in a tennis class with Olympic gold medallist Heather Murray.
AFC Wimbledon's League Two play-off hopes suffered a blow as they were beaten at home by Portsmouth.
The number of people killed in Scotland has continued to fall, according to the latest statistics from the Scottish government.
Warrington Wolves will host Wigan in the quarter-finals of the Challenge Cup, while Wakefield will travel to Salford.
Families in Northern Ireland are £7 a week better off than this time last year, according to a new report.
Lewis Hamilton extended his lead at the top of the Formula 1 standings to 28 points with a dominant victory in the Italian Grand Prix.
Paralympic gold medallist David Whitehead has unveiled a new exhibition of photographs documenting his career.
Jeremy Corbyn and David Cameron have clashed at Prime Minister's Questions, with the Labour leader asking more questions than the prime minister.
More than 1,000 crocodiles have escaped from a farm in South Africa's Limpopo province after heavy rains caused flooding, local media report.
US tycoon Donald Trump has threatened to sue the Scottish government over plans for an offshore wind farm in Aberdeen.
Councillors in Conwy have backed plans to improve the coach drop off and pick up point in the town.
Ulster Bank has said it is working to fix a problem with its computer system that has left some customers unable to make payments.
A German man arrested in connection with last week's Berlin Christmas market attack has been released without charge.
Cardiff City manager Russell Slade says leading the club to the Championship play-off final would be bigger than winning promotion to the Premier League.
Two arts directors on the Isle of Mull have been made redundant by the organisation that runs the island.
European and African leaders have agreed to set up a $1bn (Â£700m) trust fund to help migrants and refugees.
The UK would become less reliant on fossil fuels under a scenario where wind power replaces coal and nuclear, a report says.
The issue of private practice in the NHS in England has been a source of contention for years.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a man was hit and killed near Leicester railway station.
Bath ran in six tries as they beat 10-man Leinster in the Premiership at Twickenham.
A contract signed by the Beatles and their manager, Brian Epstein, has been sold at auction in London for £250,000.
Residents of the Israeli city of Tel Aviv have returned to their daily lives after a series of rocket attacks from Gaza.
A Canadian family who were asked to leave an overbooked flight have been offered compensation by the airline.
Pupils in Northern Ireland are more satisfied with their lives than their counterparts elsewhere in the UK.
The number of flights in and out of UK airports is set to hit a record high this weekend, the Department for Transport has said.
Twitter has killed off its "warrant canary" in an effort to protect users from secret government requests for data.
A contest in India to find the country's most beautiful woman has seen thousands of selfies sent in from across the country.
Footage has emerged of Kenyan soldiers apparently looting during last month's deadly attack on the Westgate shopping centre.
Work is under way to clear up debris from beaches damaged by Storm Desmond last month.
A third person has died in a Carmarthenshire nursing home following an outbreak of flu, health officials have said.
Benedict Cumberbatch has described the moment he helped a woman give birth to her first child.
A breast surgeon accused of carrying out attacks on patients has told a court he did not "intentionally scare" them.
A team of scientists from the UK's Arctic Mission have been travelling to the Arctic Circle to raise awareness of the effects of climate change.
Google's profits for the three months to the end of September rose 11% to $5.3bn (Â£3.9bn), compared with the same period last year.
Senga won the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe at Aintree as favourite Shutter Speed was beaten into second.
Gateshead moved into the National League play-off places with a hard-fought win at Wrexham.
A UN tribunal has rejected China's territorial claims in the South China Sea, ruling that it did not violate the Philippines' rights.
A PhD student at the University of Glasgow has been using 3D technology to study the effects of paralysis on people's faces.
A 25-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the death of another man in West Lothian.
Leyton Orient have been sold to a consortium led by businessman Nigel Travis.
Prime Minister Theresa May has said she would like to call an early general election.
A fire-damaged council office is set to reopen on Monday, with the rest of the authority's services to resume.
The amount of money spent on private ambulances in England has more than trebled in the past five years, official figures show.
Liverpool eased to a comfortable win over Burton Albion to go top of the Championship.
England off-spinner Danielle Hazell has been ruled out of the remainder of the women's Twenty20 series in India because of a shoulder injury.
Ipswich Town defender Paul Taylor says he has been asked to clean the boots of the club's reserve players.
Police have released images of two men they want to speak to in connection with the rape of a teenage girl.
Gateshead have signed Newcastle United left-back Ben Atkinson on loan until the end of the season.
US President-elect Donald Trump has dismissed reports by the CIA that Russia was behind a series of cyber attacks on the Democratic Party.
Portuguese shares and government bonds have fallen after it emerged that the centre-right coalition government is set to fall.
Welsh snowboarder Hannah Potter is aiming to qualify for the 2018 Winter Olympics in South Korea.
Four men have admitted carrying out a raid on a Fife flat in which they threatened two men with a gun.
League Two side Colchester United have signed Coventry City midfielder Joe Reid on a one-month loan deal.
If you're a football manager's son, it's probably not a good idea to work under your father.
Poorer young people are more likely to be in trouble with the police, according to a new study.
A man has been found not guilty of the murder of a teenager who had been stalked by him for a year.
"I have never fallen off the saddle, but I have taken three people out of the saddle," says Jason Houghton, who spends his weekends jousting.
A UK seed company has said it is "very confident" its seeds are not to blame for an outbreak of E. coli in France.
Health bosses in Hartlepool have said it would be "unusual and unwelcome" for them to advise bidders on how to improve their service.
A section of the M42 has reopened after being closed for more than 24 hours following a crash on Thursday.
Former Premier League footballer Adam Johnson cheated on his girlfriend with "quite a few" other women, his trial has heard.
Most families in Britain are doing worse than their parents' generation, according to a government report.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has condemned Iran's launch of a ballistic missile, saying it violates a UN resolution.
A rail firm has been accused of "embarrassing itself" by promising a live feed of engineering works on the East Coast Main Line.
Wales' Andrew Selby will fight England's Liam Norman in Cardiff on Saturday, 5 March.
Glasgow's defeat by Northampton in the European Champions Cup on Saturday was a huge blow to their hopes of reaching the quarter-finals of the competition.
A round-by-round guide to the Scottish Premiership, Scottish Championship and Scottish Cup.
Sheffield United moved to within a point of the League One play-off places with a comfortable victory over Chesterfield.
Welsh place-names have been the subject of much debate over the past few years, with people debating whether they should be pronounced "Beddau" or "Beth-eye".
This is the most important general election since the last one in 2010, according to Labour.
Great Britain won four rowing gold medals on the final day of the Paralympics in Rio.
A review of the Metropolitan Police's handling of child sex abuse allegations is to be carried out.
The winner of this year's Man Booker Prize will be announced later, with Japanese author Shigeru Yanagihara and US author James Tyler the book's joint favourites.
A former chaplain to the Archbishop of Canterbury has criticised a cathedral's decision to allow Muslims to read from the Koran at a service.
Norwegian mass killer Anders Behring Breivik has complained about the conditions in his prison cell, according to a leaked document.
American Phil Mickelson carded a six-under-par 66 to take a one-shot lead into the final round of the WGC-Dell Match Play in Texas.
The leak of Labour's election manifesto is unprecedented, sources close to Jeremy Corbyn have told the BBC.
A drug that can slow the decline in memory in people with early stage Alzheimer's disease has been shown to be safe and effective.
Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) MLA Gerry McCann has called for Attorney General Michael Larkin to leave the Department of Health.
A former reality TV star has admitted assaulting a supermarket worker after she read an excerpt of his book on a critique website.
Atletico Madrid won the La Liga title for the first time in their history with a draw against Barcelona at the Nou Camp.
The port at Invergordon is being used for the storage of parts for a major offshore wind farm.
A man suspected of murdering his Scottish partner in Lapland has been jailed for five years.
A man who helped develop radar technology in the Second World War has been honoured in Swansea.
Photographer David Jenkinson has been sharing his work on social media and has been inundated with messages of support.
The Woodland Trust is calling for more trees to be listed as ancient woodland.
Hundreds of Afghan police officers have been released after a week-long siege by the Taliban, officials say.
Wales' traditional and world music traditions have been brought together for the first time in Cardiff Bay.
The number of patients being transferred out of critical care units in Wales has risen, according to a new report.
Former Swansea City boss Bruce Arena will take charge of the Los Angeles Galaxy when the Major League Soccer club launch in 2018.
Thirty-six Yazidi people who were held captive by so-called Islamic State (IS) have been rescued, the UN says.
Police in the Spanish town of Platja d'Aro have detained three German women after they were arrested for taking part in a paparazzi-style flashmob.
What are the top 10 football teams of all time?
A powerful earthquake has hit Nepal, one of the world's most seismically active countries.
The chief executive of a health watchdog was suspended in February 2016, BBC Wales has learned.
Hundreds of Knights of Malta have taken part in a special Mass in Rome to mark the 900th anniversary of the founding of the order.
Liz Carr, who played Liesl von Trapp in The Sound of Music, has died at the age of 91.
A 25-year-old man has been sentenced to 10 years in prison in the US for sharing personal data with so-called Islamic State (IS).
We asked you to predict the top three before every race this season and, after the British Grand Prix, we got our calculators out and had a look at how many people got it right.
The new director-general of the National Crime Agency (NCA), Sarah Owens, has been given a three-year contract, the BBC has learned.
Hospital staff at Carlisle General Hospital have been made aware of a "potentially harmful substance" in a patient's system.
World number one Andy Murray has been recognised in the Queen's Birthday Honours list.
Wales wing George North says he is not worried about not scoring enough tries after scoring a hat-trick in Saturday's win over Ireland.
A French aid worker who was kidnapped in Yemen in February has arrived back in France.
Talks between Caledonian MacBrayne (CalMac) and the RMT union over a new contract are due to resume on Wednesday.
England captain Joe Root says Saturday's World Twenty20 match against Sri Lanka is a "must-win" game for his side.
More than 100 people have been killed in a landslide in Indonesia's Aceh province, officials say.
German police have arrested two Algerian men suspected of planning to carry out a terror attack in the country, prosecutors say.
Norwich City striker Kyle Lafferty has been fined £10,000 by the Football Association for betting on a Premier League match.
A man who advertised "lifts cheaper than taxis" on social media has admitted causing the deaths of two teenagers in a car crash.
A 25-year-old man has been arrested at Heathrow Airport on suspicion of terrorism offences.
Exeter City chairman Kevin Oyston has lost a libel action brought by a fan who claimed he held a gun to the head of the club's chief executive.
"We need a political solution to the war in Syria, and we need an end to the civil war."
A Holiday Inn in Aberdeen has been put up for sale by the administrators of the hotel's owners.
Andre Ward says he will make a statement in Saturday's rematch with Sergey Kovalev at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas.
Plans to cut legal aid in criminal cases in England and Wales will have a "catastrophic impact" on the justice system, the chief executive of the Bar Council has said.
The last surviving member of Adolf Hitler's inner circle has been interviewed for the first time since the end of World War Two.
Ulster's hopes of making the Pro12 play-offs suffered a blow as they were beaten by Ospreys in Swansea.
A mining company has been served with a health and safety notice after a fire broke out at one of the UK's deepest mines.
A woman who says she was sexually abused as a child has told a jury she felt "dirty and ashamed" not to report the abuse to police.
Essex and Glamorgan will attempt to secure their places in the T20 Blast quarter-finals when they meet at Chelmsford on Saturday.
Three senior Brexit ministers are travelling to Mexico and Australia as part of a series of talks on post-Brexit trade.
A 26-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of affray after a football match was abandoned following reports a player had a knife.
A man's body has been found in a drain in Lincolnshire.
On the outskirts of Pisky, in eastern Ukraine, there was a small memorial to the dead.
Cardiff Devils head coach Scott Kelman says he does not feel bad for Sheffield Steelers, who were forced to rearrange their Elite League game ahead of the Challenge Cup final.
Singer Phil Collins has been taken to hospital after falling at a concert in London on Wednesday night.
A man has appeared in court charged with the attempted murder of a mother who was stabbed in the neck while trying to protect her two-year-old daughter.
Snooker players have voted in favour of making the World Shoot Out a ranking event after a controversial first round.
London 2012 gold medallist Charlotte Dujardin will defend her World Cup dressage title at the Olympia in London on Wednesday, 16 December, alongside Olympic champion Alex Brash.
Shutter Speed, ridden by Frankie Dettori, won the Musidora Stakes at Newbury.
Mexico's attorney general has confirmed that 43 students who went missing in Guerrero state in 2014 are dead.
The National Theatre (NT) is considering introducing quotas to improve diversity in the organisation, its artistic director Tony Norris has said.
Northern Ireland's Michael Dunlop set a new lap record in the Superstocks class at the Isle of Man TT on Friday.
It is a glorious day in the Yorkshire Dales and you can see for miles around as the green hills of the Northumberland Fylde spread out in all directions.
More than 70 jobs have been lost after a Belfast food chain went into administration.
A drugs gang believed to be worth up to £4.5m has been jailed.
A motorcyclist has pleaded guilty to causing the death of a cyclist in a crash.
Junior doctors in England have voted in favour of a new three-year contract.
An RSPCA investigation is under way into the way dogs are cared for at a Teignbridge boarding kennel.
Volkswagen has said it will halt production at five plants in Germany after two suppliers failed to resume deliveries to the company.
Nick Clegg has said the Liberal Democrats would introduce a "Young Person's Bus Pass" to help young people get to and from school and work.
Dwayne Bravo hit an unbeaten century as Pakistan beat West Indies by eight wickets in the first Test in Sharjah.
The European Court of Justice (ECJ) is due to rule on whether the European Arrest Warrant (EAW) should be extended to more EU member states.
Thousands of hospital staff across the UK will be eating turkey on Christmas Day as they prepare for the big day.
Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel set the pace in the first practice session of the season at the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix.
The family of a British journalist who was found dead at a Turkish airport have said they believe she acted alone.
England fly-half Emily Scarr has been ruled out of the Women's Rugby World Cup because of an ankle injury.
A man who claims he was sexually abused by a BBC radio presenter has told a court he contacted her on Facebook after the alleged abuse.
Britain's Chris Froome and Spain's Alberto Contador remain separated by six seconds after the third stage of the Criterium du Dauphine.
Joe Cardle scored a hat-trick as Dunfermline Athletic beat 10-man Falkirk in the Scottish Championship.
The UK's electoral watchdog has launched a booklet to help people register to vote in the EU referendum.
One of the biggest glaciers in the world, the Totten in Greenland, could reverse direction and move further inland in the coming decades, say scientists.
In the days after President Richard Nixon fired the special prosecutor investigating the Watergate scandal, Washington was abuzz with calls for him to resign.
A man who claims he was exposed to radioactive material while working on a North Sea oil platform has said he fears for his health.
A man has been jailed for life for the manslaughter of a man who was stabbed to death in Essex.
The Italian coastguard has launched a major search and rescue operation after a boat carrying more than 1,000 migrants capsized in the Mediterranean.
The parents of Anni Dewani, who was shot dead in South Africa in 2010, have said they will not rest until the man accused of her murder goes on trial.
The third one-day international between England and Sri Lanka was abandoned without a ball being bowled because of rain.
I found myself in the middle of a political political pinfold, where thousands of people were protesting against plans to devolve more powers to Sheffield.
AFC Wimbledon have launched an investigation after Charlton boss Karl Robinson was racially abused by a fan during Saturday's 1-1 draw at Kingsmeadow.
Hibernian thrashed Bonnyrigg Rose 6-0 at Tynecastle to move level on points with second-placed Hearts.
Scotland have called up South Africa-born fly-half Alex Jones for their Six Nations match against England in Edinburgh on 5 June.
The Queen has sent her first ever tweet to mark her 90th birthday.
The Church of England's first woman bishop has been consecrated at York Minster.
Nottinghamshire fast bowler Jake Ball is in "fantastic form" after a successful winter with the England and Wales Cricket Board, says head coach Justin Read.
The wife of a man who founded the independent state of Sealand off the Suffolk coast has died at the age of 90.
A British Ukulele Orchestra has failed in a legal bid to stop a rival group from using its name.
Plans to test 11-year-olds in England on their times tables will go ahead, Education Secretary Nick Gibb has said.
US President Barack Obama has called for an investigation into an attack on a hospital in Afghanistan that killed at least 13 people on Saturday.
Crusaders have signed midfielder Mark McChrystal on a two-year deal following his release by Dungannon Swifts.
"Look at this one," said Dedel, pointing to a tree in the Transamazon region of north-east Brazil.
Ulster Rugby has defended its decision not to wear a poppy during its Pro12 match against Leinster on Remembrance Day.
Gateshead striker Adam Johnson has signed a new one-year contract with the National League club.
The internet has been abuzz with news of a huge video game dump in California, USA.
MSPs have voted in favour of a bill which would allow same-sex couples in Scotland to enter into civil partnerships.
Three former TalkTalk employees have told the BBC how they were conned out of more than £1m by a gang of fraudsters in India.
A hospital trust has been rated as "inadequate" by a health watchdog.
The Scottish government has defended its record on the economy, saying the downturn in the oil and gas sector was partly to blame.
A woman who had part of her ovary removed during chemotherapy has given birth to a baby boy using frozen tissue.
A man who spent 23 years on death row for murder has told the BBC's Victoria Derbyshire programme that he is lucky to be alive.
British number three Aljaz Bedene beat Croatia's Borna Coric in straight sets to reach the second round of the Marseille Open.
The House of Lords debate on the Brexit Bill is due to get under way on Monday evening.
The head of the Republic of Ireland's Garda Síochána (Irish police) has said the force needs to recruit an extra 300 officers a year.
Swansea City legend Alan Curtis has been involved with the club in a variety of roles over the past 44 years.
Liverpool's Emre Can scored one of the goals of the season in his side's 2-1 win over Watford on Saturday.
Children in the UK who have a parent or sibling with type-1 diabetes are to be offered a drug to try to prevent the disease.
A man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a woman who was found stabbed to death at her home.
India's biggest online retailer, Flipkart, has raised $1.3bn (Â£1.1bn) in a funding round that values the firm at more than $20bn.
The government has accused the Court of Appeal of trying to "frustrate the will of the British people" by ruling that MPs must vote on Brexit.
Greece's far-right Golden Dawn party has filed a lawsuit against an MP who says it was responsible for an attack on him last month.
Alliance Trust has announced "some of the biggest changes in its history" in a bid to reduce costs and improve governance.
The amount of arsenic in drinking water in China has been estimated for the first time, according to a new study.
Chris Froome has apologised for Team Sky's handling of an anti-doping investigation into a mystery package sent for one of its riders.
Labour-controlled Liverpool City Council is being urged to set an "illegal budget" to save £156m.
A school in Lancashire which has one of the lowest A-level rates in England is to close its sixth form.
England captain Dylan Hartley says he will not be distracted by the prospect of a British and Irish Lions call-up.
A patch that can be stitched on to the heart after a heart attack has shown promising results, say scientists.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock says he will hold talks with club captain Lee Whittingham about a new contract before the new season starts.
It's that time of year again - the start of the Proms season.
The US President-elect Barack Obama has told his Irish counterpart that he wants to visit Ireland, the Irish foreign minister has said.
Manchester United midfielder Paul Pogba "likes the pressure", says team-mate Zlatan Ibrahimovic, who has more Twitter followers than the player.
Cervical cancer patients in Northern Ireland are being offered the chance to take part in a UK-wide trial of a new treatment.
Gordon Strachan says Scotland must beat Slovenia if they are to have any chance of qualifying for the 2018 World Cup finals in Russia.
The earliest evidence of human settlement in the New World is 130,000 years old, according to a study published in the journal Science.
Stuart Pearce is set to make his first appearance for a non-league club he has dubbed "the worst in England".
The United Nations has warned that US President Donald Trump's proposed budget cuts would make it "impossible" for the organisation to continue its work.
Police investigating the death of a man whose body was found in a car in North Lanarkshire have said they are following "several lines of inquiry".
Children in the UK have less freedom than their counterparts in Finland and Germany, according to a study.
Six police officers have been charged with assault after a man's fingers were severed in custody, the police watchdog said.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle eased to a comfortable victory over Partick Thistle in the Scottish Championship.
More than half of the £3.9bn in child maintenance arrears in England and Wales is "uncollectable", the government has said.
Russell Brand has been criticised for tweeting the phone number of a Daily Mirror reporter.
The Israeli general election campaigns are one of the country's most tedious and tedious affairs.
Scottish football has seen a significant reduction in the amount of long-term debt that clubs have to pay out over the next few years.
A Chinese journalist convicted of leaking state secrets has had her sentence reduced by an appeals court, state media report.
The number of mental health patients being moved out of Cornwall will continue to rise, a coroner has said.
New Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp says taking charge of the club is the "biggest challenge in world football".
The number of empty plastic bottles found on UK beaches has risen to its highest level since records began, a survey suggests.
Portsmouth defender Liam Whatmough has signed a new one-year contract with the League Two club.
Actor and playwright Graham Graham is working on a TV drama about the EU referendum campaign.
The latest series of Celebrity Big Brother was watched by an average of 2.7 million viewers on Thursday night, overnight figures show.
The Badger Trust has launched a legal challenge to the government's plans to cull badgers in England.
BBC Points West's political editor Paul Barltrop looks at the implications of the EU referendum on the UK's EU membership.
The owners of the Minas Gerais mine in Brazil, Vale and BHP Billiton, have reached a deal with prosecutors over the collapse of a dam there in 2015.
Boeing has unveiled a new design for its 737 aircraft that it says will reduce headspace and increase luggage capacity.
South Africa wrapped up a four-wicket win over Sri Lanka in the first one-day international to take a series lead.
A 45-year-old man has been arrested as part of the Yewtree investigation into historical child sex abuse in London.
Tom Steel and Tom Latham both hit centuries for Durham on day two against Gloucestershire at Chester-le-Street.
Championship side Norwich City have signed Tottenham striker Alex Pritchard for an undisclosed fee and ex-Portsmouth goalkeeper David Jones on free transfers.
The pound has risen and the stock market has fallen, but what exactly is going on?
Two RUC officers who gave evidence at the inquest into the death of an IRA man in Londonderry in 1992 may be reported to the director of prosecutions.
An independent review into the training of nursery staff in the wake of a baby's death has been ordered by the government.
More than 1,000 Syrian refugees have been resettled in Wales since the start of the year, Home Office figures show.
Britain's Andy Murray beat Canada's Milos Raonic in straight sets to win his second Wimbledon title.
An Edinburgh GP has admitted giving his wife a fatal dose of heroin after she threatened to leave him if he did not quit.
Shrewsbury Town midfielder Yann Kermorgant could return from injury in time for the League One play-off semi-final against Barnsley.
Italian Vincenzo Trentin won stage three of the Vuelta a Espana as Britain's Chris Froome retained his overall lead.
Jordan Spieth is one shot off the lead after the third round of the WGC-Dell Match Play in Hawaii.
The British Geological Survey (BGS) has said a large sinkhole that opened in a residential street was probably caused by water penetrating the ground.
England's one-day team are "horrifically" bad against spin, according to former wicketkeeper Graeme Swann.
Careers Wales staff have been asked if they want to take voluntary redundancy, the Unison union has said.
Great Britain won their third medal of the Rio Olympics by finishing second in the women's 4x100m freestyle relay behind Great Britain's Hannah French and Dan Evans.
Watford have signed Colombia defender Federico Zuniga from Napoli for an undisclosed fee on a five-year deal.
The chancellor is set to hold his third Spending Review in four years - the first since 2010.
Daniel Craig is the "best actor" to play James Bond, according to the actor's former co-star Ian Fleming.
Chris Northeast's unbeaten century helped Kent secure second place in Division Two with a draw against Essex at Chelmsford.
The killing of six people at a mosque in Quebec has left the city's Muslim community "emotionally destroyed", a community official says.
Staff at ITV have voted in favour of strike action in a dispute over pay and conditions.
Glamorgan chief executive Hugh Mott says the start of the County Championship season is "very important" for the club.
Former Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg was speaking on BBC Radio 4's Today programme on Tuesday.
A woman has been found guilty of a string of child sex abuse and cruelty charges.
The world’s oceans are on the verge of a mass extinction event, according to a new report.
Why is George Osborne today £23bn better off than he was in July?
Up to 100 jobs could be at risk at the Shotton steelworks in Newport, a union has said.
The bodies of 55 greyhound puppies have been found in a field in the Australian state of Queensland.
Falkirk manager Peter Houston has played down speculation linking teenage left-back Tony Watt with a move to Sunderland.
Newton Daniels, who has died at the age of 79, was one of the most influential magicians of his generation.
The company that runs Southern rail paid out more than £2m in compensation to passengers last year, the BBC has learned.
Police investigating the murder of an elderly man who was stabbed to death in woodland have said they have found a third man they want to speak to.
An Australian politician has announced he is taking a leave of absence from the country's parliament to seek treatment for mental health issues.
A council has voted to ban staff from taking smoke breaks during work hours.
A student from Hertfordshire has described how she and a friend were trapped on the floor of the Manchester Arena when gunmen opened fire.
England were bowled out for 263 on day three of the final one-day international against Australia to lose the series 2-1.
Australian police are investigating the case of an Indonesian woman who died after drinking a coffee laced with cyanide.
Former Nottingham Forest goalkeeper Michael McGovern says winger Oliver Burke has the potential to "give Usain Bolt a run for his money".
A man accused of murdering a woman whose body was found in a flat has appeared in court for the first time.
Sri Lanka's government has criticised media outlets for filming a Buddhist monk who set himself on fire on Saturday.
Japan's biggest nuclear energy company has announced plans to build two new nuclear power plants in the UK.
The Scottish Labour Party can no longer turn to the "big beasts" to take it forward, the party's shadow Scottish secretary has said.
Chris Pratt's latest film Guardians of the Galaxy has topped the North American box office in its opening weekend.
An Australian woman has been arrested in Colombia after allegedly trying to smuggle heroin and cocaine into the country, her family says.
Barcelona missed the chance to go top of La Liga for the first time this season as they were held to a 1-1 draw by Sevilla.
Thieves have made off with a number of lawnmowers in a "targeted raid" on a farm in North Lanarkshire.
Oscar-winning actor Naomie Harris will be remembered for more than his performance at this year's ceremony, which saw him dressed in a pair of shorts.
How would the UK's departure from the European Union affect trade with the rest of the world?
The 50th anniversary of the UK's first Action Man toys has been marked by the Palitoy Toy Company in Leicestershire.
A floating sculpture of the moon has been installed in the Great Hall of the University of Bristol.
Scientists say they have found a way to 3D-print objects by controlling the movement of a thread of glass.
Roger Federer became the first man to win five Fed Cup singles titles as he beat Richard Gasquet in the final of the men's singles in France.
Drivers have been urged to take extra care on Scotland's roads after a number of accidents overnight.
Blackpool and Wycombe shared the spoils in a goalless draw at Bloomfield Road.
A man has been injured in a shooting at a house in north Belfast.
Two two-year-old boys in the US state of Georgia are believed to have stolen their mother's car and taken it for a joyride before crashing.
A man is in a serious condition in hospital after being found with a neck injury in Edinburgh.
The 70th anniversary of a plane crash which claimed the lives of 10 US servicemen and women has been marked in the Isle of Man.
Conservative US Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas has asked a question for the first time in more than a decade in a gun case.
Opponents of a ban on gay marriage in the US state of California have filed a petition with the US Supreme Court asking it to overturn a court ruling.
The finance secretary has been accused of "disrespect" by MSPs after he refused to hand over details of his budget plans.
Essex director of cricket Dougie Brown has left the county by mutual consent.
Hundreds of people have taken part in a two-minute gravy wrestling contest.
Police investigating the murder of a man in west Belfast have named him as Kevin McGuigan Sr, a former Sinn Féin councillor.
Dame Barbara Windsor's character Peggy Mitchell is to be killed off in EastEnders next year, the soap has confirmed.
A number of police officers are facing legal action after their cars were stolen or crashed while on duty.
A woman has admitted owning a dog which bit a postman while he was delivering mail in Dumfries.
"There's only one Tony Stewart, and he's Rotherham United."
A memorial service has been held in Paris to remember the 129 people who died in Friday's attacks.
A by-election will be held in the Scottish Borders after an MSP resigned to stand in the general election.
At least one person has been killed and several others injured after a train hit a tree in the Belgian city of Leuven, officials say.
If you've ever wanted to see the inside of Buckingham Palace or the Eiffel Tower, then you might want to check out Google Earth.
An Australian golfer has said he is lucky to be alive after being bitten by a crocodile while playing at a golf course.
The mayor of the US city of Bloomington, in the state of Indiana, has renamed Columbus Day and Good Friday in a move that has drawn criticism.
Investment in Scotland's commercial property market fell by more than 50% in 2016, according to a new report.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has compared Theresa May to Baldrick in a row over the government's Brexit stance.
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them is to get a sequel, Warner Bros has announced.
A US man has been sentenced to 18 months in prison for his role in the Silk Road 2.0 online drug marketplace.
The Scottish SPCA is caring for a fox cub that was mistaken for a puppy at a veterinary surgery in Inverness.
Britain's Amir Yafai retained his WBA light-welterweight title with a unanimous points victory over Japan's Kazuyoshi Muranaka.
Tributes have been paid to Italian playwright Dario Fo, who has died aged 90.
A local newspaper has accused the Conservatives of being "archaic" after it was told it could not film David Cameron's visit to Cornwall.
The deaths of two women whose bodies were found at a flat in Glasgow are being treated as unexplained, police have said.
Rangers owner Dave King and chairman Dave Murray have been re-elected to the club's board after an extraordinary general meeting.
A second man has been charged with the murder of a man who was stabbed to death in Sunderland.
It's been two years since Gemma Jones first appeared on the small screen in the BBC drama Emmerdale, playing the wife of a police officer who falls in love with another officer's son.
Football teams in Wales say they have been subjected to racial abuse at matches.
A primary school head teacher who admitted secretly filming pupils and staff has been told there are more victims.
China's foreign ministry has accused the US of "militarising" the South China Sea.
Thousands of people have turned out in Singapore for an annual gay rights event, despite a religious backlash against the event.
Britain's economy is in a dark and chilly waters right now.
Bees and other pollinating insects thrive as well in towns and cities as they do in farms and nature reserves, a study suggests.
Police have released an e-fit of a man they want to speak to after a five-year-old girl was attacked by a dog.
Indonesian authorities say they have rescued more than 400 Rohingya Muslim migrants stranded at sea in the north of the country.
A railway company has been banned from operating trains on the National Network following a series of incidents.
It was a "big Budget" - whether you like it or not, it was the biggest Budget since the last election.
South Korea's Kia Motors has been named the best car brand in the world for reliability, according to a new study.
Safid, a five-year-old boy from Afghanistan, is trying to get to the UK to live with his mother.
Key quotes from the leaders of Northern Ireland's main political parties after the assembly election.
The number of hate crimes in Canada rose in 2015, according to official figures.
Marussia driver Jules Bianchi has died at the age of 20, nine months after he was seriously injured in a crash at the Japanese Grand Prix.
All five candidates in the London mayoral election have said they will vote against a third runway at Heathrow.
British Airways chief executive Willie Walsh has said Northern Ireland could benefit from a new air route development fund.
A man has died in a car crash on the A90 in Dumfries and Galloway.
Scientists at the University of Aberdeen have developed tests that can detect the shortening of DNA in blood cancers.
A cyclist has been killed in a collision with a lorry at a roundabout in east London.
A US judge has ruled in favour of the US women's national football team in a long-running dispute over pay.
A peregrine falcon that had to wait more than two years to be imported into the UK from Belgium has been found a new home in Bristol.
The late BBC Radio Ulster presenter Gerry Anderson has been inducted into the Professional Radio Institute (PPI) hall of fame.
When Xbox chief Phil Spencer unveiled the company’s next console last year, he made two big promises.
A convicted sex offender has won a High Court case against Facebook, which led to the removal of a page about paedophiles.
When Halle Berry won her first Oscar for her role in Dirty Rotten Scoundrels in 2002, it was one of the biggest moments of her career.
BBC Newsnight's James Clayton has been following the migrant crisis in Europe since the start of the year and has been in touch with some of those affected.
A panel of experts has been set up by the Department of Education to investigate the circumstances surrounding a dispute between staff and pupils at Belfast Metropolitan College.
Vilani Alexandrovna, who won this year's Strictly Come Dancing, has ruled herself out of the next series of the show.
William Hague has said the UK will press for action at the UN to stem the flow of arms and money to Islamist militants in Iraq.
Napoli striker Gonzalo Higuain will only leave the club if Arsenal meet his release clause, a Napoli source has told BBC Sport.
Iceland's parliament has voted in favour of a bill that would require companies and institutions to implement equal pay programmes.
Nigeria's military says only eight of the more than 200 schoolgirls kidnapped last month are still missing, despite reports that more than 100 are missing.
A motorised trolley could be on the verge of setting a new world record.
A Londonderry boiler owner has failed in a legal bid to stop the publication of details of those who have benefited from the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scheme.
The UK is set to become the first country in the world to introduce a cap on roaming charges for mobile phone users.
A woman has been raped outside a car park at Henley Royal Regatta.
Crewe Alexandra have signed former Bolton Wanderers midfielder Jussi Jaaskelainen on a one-year deal.
Bilkis Bano was a 15-year-old schoolgirl when she was gang-raped and murdered by a gang of men in India's western state of Maharashtra in 2002.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp says his players did not want to play against Sunderland on Sunday because they were "tired".
Sir Elton John has said he is not surprised that the DUP's leader in the Northern Ireland Assembly, Arlene Foster, does not know about HIV.
More than 1,000 EU citizens from non-UK countries have been wrongly sent polling cards for the EU referendum, the Electoral Commission has said.
Preston North End manager Simon Grayson says defender Bailey Wright " owes the club a lot" after failing to agree a new contract.
China has reportedly deployed surface-to-air missiles on an island in the South China Sea, according to reports from Taiwan.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has said she is "very worried" by US President Donald Trump's comments on climate change and Nato.
On Monday, the BBC's Woman's Hour magazine published an article about the benefits of menstrual leave, in which it was revealed that one in five women in the UK has a period every month.
Business groups have criticised the chancellor's announcement of a £1.5bn "skills tax" on firms with more than £3m in wage bills.
Two MPs have been ordered to pay more than £50,000 to a man who accused them of knowing about child sex abuse in Rotherham.
Kenya's opposition leader Raila Odinga has called for a "day of mourning" for those killed in violence following last week's presidential election.
Four people have been taken to hospital after a large gorse fire broke out on a common in Exeter.
For many of us, flying is one of our favourite ways to get away from home.
Former Greek Prime Minister Lucas Papademos and his driver have been injured in an explosion in the Paris office of the International Monetary Fund.
The PSNI has said it is "appalled" by an attack on police officers in County Down.
Jockey Ryan Moore won the Irish Derby at Ascot for the second year in a row, beating the odds-on favourite Architecture by a nose.
A five-year-old boy shot and killed by police in the US has been identified as Jeremy Mardis by his father's lawyer after a video emerged of the shooting.
Scientists in New York are using slugs to study the behaviour of one of the world's most destructive pests.
Denmark will face hosts Germany in the Women's Euro 2017 final after a 1-0 penalty shootout win over Austria.
The remains of an ancient girl found in Mexico have been identified as part of a study into the origins of the Americas.
The White House's response to allegations that President Donald Trump disclosed highly classified information to Russian officials has been largely the same as any previous response.
Swansea City head coach Paul Clement says his side are "running out of time" to avoid Premier League relegation.
Samples from Syria's alleged chemical weapons attack last month are being sent to laboratories around the world for analysis, BBC News has learned.
Researchers at Oxford University have developed smart glasses that can improve the vision of blind people.
A US journalist has appeared in court in the Iranian capital, Tehran, accused of espionage and spreading propaganda against the government.
Two pairs of bee-eaters have successfully bred in a Nottinghamshire quarry for a second year in a row.
Reintroduction of sea otters to the coast of California in the 1960s may have helped revive a dying type of grass, a study suggests.
A terminally ill man has made a last-ditch plea for the right to die in the High Court.
A 25-year-old man has been jailed for more than two years after drugs worth thousands of pounds were found in a wheelie bin.
The number of infants who died at the Tuam orphanage in the Republic of Ireland has been confirmed as 796 by the justice minister.
Twenty years ago, Raith Rovers were the underdogs in the Scottish Cup semi-final against Celtic, a team that had never won a major trophy.
Pupils in Wales should have physical education as a core subject, according to a new report.
The parents of terminally ill baby Charlie Gard have said they want him to have an experimental treatment in the US.
Schools in England should set up an "outdoor learning hub" to promote outdoor learning, according to a report in the British Journal of Education.
Lancashire captain Michael Chapple has been appointed as assistant to new England head coach Stuart Moores, following his sacking.
England batsman Alex Hales has refunded £4.10 to a fan who complained about slow over rates during the third Test against Sri Lanka at Lord's.
A memorial for a teenager who died after falling into the River Avon is to be built in Bath.
England's perfect start to their Euro 2016 qualifying campaign means they are well on their way to making amends for their World Cup exit.
The father of a woman who died after being raped in India has said he wants the name of his daughter to be revealed.
The war on drugs in the United States is now in its 20th year, and the number of people arrested for drug offences has fallen.
The RSPB has delayed the opening of two new nature reserves in Dorset after heavy rain caused flooding.
Police are investigating a suspected case of persecution of birds of prey in a forest in the Highlands.
A serving Royal Marine from County Antrim has appeared in court charged with terrorism offences.
Shares in Cardiff-based brewery and pub group Brains have risen by more than 10% after it announced plans to open coffee shops.
Manchester City have signed centre-back Nicolas Otamendi from Atletico Madrid on a five-year deal.
A man has been jailed for eight years for killing a scooter rider who was knocked unconscious after urinating on his leg.
It's that time of year again when we get to look forward to another day of work in the office.
The price of oil fell sharply on Friday after the International Energy Agency (IEA) said demand for oil was likely to have peaked in the third quarter.
Wales manager Chris Coleman has a "burning desire" to manage a Premier League club, says FAW chief executive Martyn Roberts.
A new report has found that the world's oldest people are the happiest in the world.
Nottingham Forest have agreed a deal with Burton Albion to sign teenage defender Connor Mahoney on a season-long loan.
Oscar-winning actor Michael Jordan is to reprise his role as the Human Torch in Marvel's Black Panther, alongside Oscar winner Lupita Nyong'o.
A 70-year-old man has been seriously injured after being hit by a car in North Ayrshire.
Four men have appeared in court charged with attempting to smuggle 167kg of cannabis into the Republic of Ireland.
A man who murdered a Glasgow pensioner in a "brutal" attack has been jailed for life with a minimum of 25 years.
The father of a soldier who died during an SAS selection exercise in Afghanistan has told an inquest his son's training "failed".
For some, the return of Nasser Aamer to the UK after more than five years in Guantanamo Bay represents the end of a chapter in the history of the UK-US relationship.
Celtic manager Ronny Deila says his side's Champions League exit at the hands of Malmo was a "hard lesson" to learn.
(Close): Shares in bank Santander fell more than 10% after the company said its annual pre-tax profit would be lower than expected this year.
U2 have paid tribute to their tour manager Dennis Sheehan, who has died at the age of 67.
James Shankland scored twice as Partick Thistle came from behind to beat Livingston in the Scottish Championship.
Northern Ireland's Michael McCourt will miss Euro 2016 after his wife was diagnosed with a brain tumour.
Activity in the UK's service sector grew at its slowest pace in three years in February, according to a closely watched survey.
Two more Rabobank traders have been charged in the US in connection with the manipulation of the Libor inter-bank lending rate.
Chelsea Ladies reached the last 16 of the Women's Champions League for the first time by beating Glasgow City 1-0 in the first leg of their last-16 tie.
Uganda's Football Association (Fufa) says it is committed to paying coach Milutin 'Micho' Sredojevic all his salary arrears.
Labour leadership contender Liz Kendall has said she is the only candidate who would break from the party's past policies under Ed Miliband.
US President-elect Donald Trump has spoken to the leader of Taiwan for the first time since taking office.
Harvard University is to change the job titles of some of its house masters, amid protests that the word "master" has links to slavery.
Portugal came from behind to beat Australia 2-1 and reach the quarter-finals of the Confederations Cup in Russia.
Police in the Brazilian city of Sao Paulo have bulldozed shacks and tents set up by drug addicts in the area known as Crackland.
Martin McGuinness is to visit two sites where Irish soldiers fought together in World War One later this month.
Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola says he will be better next season after admitting his side were not good enough to win the Premier League this season.
Many Clouds has died after suffering a "severe pulmonary haemorrhage" following a race on Saturday.
It's that time of the year again, when football clubs are looking to make their January signings.
The number of soldiers in the Army has fallen by more than 10,000 in the past five years, according to official figures.
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho says some of his players "feel the pressure and responsibility" after a poor start to the season.
Fabio Capello's future as Russia coach is in doubt, according to Russian media.
Malta's annual spring bird shoot is "desperate" and should be banned, a BBC wildlife expert has said.
A 15-year-old girl is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in the Black Country.
Around 70 jobs are at risk at an audio manufacturing plant in North Lanarkshire, it has been confirmed.
Defender Jonny Evans scored a stoppage-time winner as West Brom came from behind to beat 10-man Stoke City at The Hawthorns.
Plans to close one of Oxford city centre's main roads to vehicles have been criticised by bus companies.
McDonald's has been accused of abusing its dominant market position in Italy by charging franchisees too much.
Former Aston Villa and Burnley midfielder Gary Cowans has left his role as first team coach.
In the aftermath of the 9/11 attacks in London, Tony Blair was in a very different position to Theresa May.
Swansea City have escaped relegation from the Premier League after Crystal Palace lost 4-1 at home to Hull City.
The administrators of Bradford Bulls have said they will not be able to complete a deal to sell the club by the end of the week.
Human remains found in a field in East Lothian have been confirmed as those of missing Edinburgh woman Louise Tiffney.
Scotland's Scott Jamieson and Sweden's Thomas Bjork share the lead after the second round of the Nedbank Golf Challenge in South Africa.
US President-elect Donald Trump has said he will withdraw the US from the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade deal.
A woman who made a life-sized Jennifer Lawrence sponge cake has won the top prize at a cake competition.
Amnesty International has criticised a deal between the EU and Turkey to stem the flow of migrants to Europe.
The Department of Justice (DoJ) has paid compensation to former Catholic pupils who were injured during a loyalist protest in north Belfast.
A critical edition of Adolf Hitler's Mein Kampf is to be published in Germany for the first time since the end of World War Two.
Pupils at a new primary school in West Lothian have been told it was "like a sauna" when a hot water pipe burst above two classrooms.
First Minister Carwyn Jones wedi cymryd ei le fel Gweinidog Gwladol dros adael y UE wrth i'r Prif Weinidog Theresa May ar ei chabinet newydd.
Carlos Tevez's proposed move from Manchester City to Brazilian side Corinthians has collapsed.
French rock star Bertrand Cantat has returned to the stage after more than a decade in a coma.
Mae'r Team Sky, Geraint Thomas, wedi cyntaf i gyrraedd y llinell derfyn yng Ngwlad Belg ddydd Llun yn erbyn y cloc yng Nghymru.
Police investigating the death of a man in Londonderry have said they believe he may have been assaulted.
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has arrived in Hawaii to mark the 75th anniversary of the Japanese attack on the US naval base at Pearl Harbour.
The UCI will investigate a complaint made by a team-mate of one of the riders involved in a racially abusive incident at the Tour de France.
Universities are being warned about the dangers of buying unlicensed drugs to boost their grades.
EU foreign ministers have agreed to start planning for an EU military operation in the Central African Republic (CAR), officials say.
St Mirren have signed former Dundee United striker Scott Clarkson on loan until the end of the season.
Atletico Madrid came from behind to beat 10-man Valencia and inflict a fourth straight La Liga defeat on Manchester City boss Gary Neville.
The Wales women's football team has arrived in France ahead of the Euro 2016 tournament.
Manchester United captain Wayne Rooney's testimonial match against Manchester City on Saturday will be streamed live on Facebook.
Egyptians have voted in a referendum to approve a new constitution, paving the way for parliamentary elections in the country next year.
A military plane that crashed in Myanmar last month killing all 15 people on board was brought down by "adverse weather", investigators say.
A man has been found guilty of being part of the UK's "most serious breach of medicine control regime" in the European Union.
A look at some of the stories in Northern Ireland's newspapers this week.
Thousands of people across Scotland are celebrating Hogmanay, which is one of the biggest celebrations in the country.
Two people have been arrested on suspicion of causing the death of a man who was hit by a car in Kent.
A pair of black bears have been caught on camera playing with a toy elephant at a safari park in the Czech Republic.
Historic Scotland has said it is considering putting the site of the Battle of Mons Graupius on its Inventory of Historic Battlefields.
Derry manager Joey Barton says Brendan Rogers was "shocked" by the incident in which he was injured in the McKenna Cup final against Tyrone last month.
Flooding has continued to cause severe disruption across parts of England and Wales after heavy rain overnight.
Snoop Dogg has been criticised for a video in which he shoots Donald Trump in the head.
The world's first floating offshore wind farm is due to be built off the coast of Aberdeenshire.
World number one Dustin Johnson says his golf swing is in "good shape" as he attempts to win a fourth consecutive PGA Tour title at the Wells Fargo Championship.
Newsweek has published its final edition, marking the end of the print edition of the news magazine.
The Russian economy is expected to shrink next year as a result of the fall in the oil price and Western sanctions, officials say.
Theresa May has said the minimum sentence for killing a police officer should be increased from 30 years to life without parole.
Voters in the Welsh Labour heartland will be key in the referendum on the UK's membership of the EU, campaigners have said.
A man has been jailed for seven years for carrying out an armed robbery at a post office on the Isle of Lewis.
A man has appeared in court charged with attempted murder after a serious assault in Denny.
Nigeria midfielder Kenneth Omeruo has been ruled out of this summer's Olympics in Brazil because of a knee injury.
The aircraft carrier HMS Ocean will be scrapped, Defence Secretary Liam Fox has confirmed.
The fall in the value of the pound after the UK voted to leave the European Union will hit the UK's economic growth this year and next, according to the EY Item Club.
Bristol Rovers have signed Aston Villa midfielder Callum Mason on loan until the end of the season and Chelsea defender Steph Houghton on a month's loan.
Jeremy Corbyn has told the Confederation of British Industry he will not "stand back" when there is injustice in the workplace.
An independent report has found no evidence of criminality or corruption by the former Garda Commissioner (Garda) Pat Callinan or his predecessor, Mick McCabe.
The number of people being detained at Brook House immigration centre in Surrey has increased by more than 50% in the past year, a report has found.
Wales head coach Warren Gatland is targeting a third Six Nations Grand Slam as his side prepare to face England in Cardiff on Saturday.
"Monty, you've got to puttin' on the putts."
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte says he may appeal against the red card shown to captain John Terry in the FA Cup win over Peterborough.
A man suffered "multiple serious injuries" when he was hit by a lorry on the M1 in the early hours of the morning.
Nottingham Forest manager Mark Warburton says he wants to trim his squad next season following their Championship survival.
An app that allows people to play computer games on their mobile phones has been criticised by a children's charity for being too easy to use.
A man has been found guilty of dragging a 73-year-old out of his car and running him over with it.
The value of foreign students to the Scottish economy is more than £1bn a year, according to accountancy firm PwC.
Derry City were beaten 2-1 by Harps at Brandywell on Saturday as the Candystripes suffered their first defeat in the league this season.
An extra 130,000 secondary school places will be needed in England by the end of the next academic year, according to local authorities.
A £50m link road between Cardiff Bay and the city centre is set to open later.
Security forces in Egypt's capital, Cairo, have fired tear gas and water cannon to break up a protest by thousands of people in Cairo's Tahrir Square.
Actress Claire McClure has said she was thrown off a tram named after her because she did not have a ticket.
Lily Allen has said she is "disgusted" by the conviction of a man who stalked her for two years.
Sussex's police and crime commissioner (PCC) has called for the county's fire and rescue services to be brought together.
A Dumfries and Galloway-based food manufacturer is to invest £3.5m to expand and improve its factory.
A man has been stabbed in the chest during a fight at a gig in Glasgow.
Uefa has opened disciplinary proceedings against England and Serbia over the aftermath of the Under-21 European Championship play-off second leg in Krusevac on 16 October.
Johnny Depp's management company has filed a lawsuit against the actor, accusing him of failing to live within his means.
Former Derbyshire batsman John Wright has been named as the county's new head coach for the 2017 season.
The outgoing head of the Church in Wales has said he was not against organ donation when it was first introduced.
Welsh Secretary Stephen Crabb has said Wales should be "central" to the debate on the future of the UK.
League One side Rochdale have signed Manchester City left-back Jordan Houghton on a season-long loan deal.
Tommy Quigley scored a stunning winner as National League leaders Torquay United beat Livingston to reach the Scottish Cup quarter-finals.
A council in Surrey has said it will ask the government to approve a 2% increase in council tax next year.
Kenya's President Uhuru Kenyatta has ordered the central bank to issue regulations to lift a ban on firms linked to Somalia.
League Two strugglers Dagenham & Redbridge have been relegated to the National League after a 3-2 defeat by Leyton Orient.
The unemployment rate in the European Union rose in January for the second month in a row, official figures show.
A Russian submarine has come within sight of an anti-submarine warship in the eastern Mediterranean, the Russian military says.
Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes says he is "fully focused" on his club despite speculation linking him with the Rangers job.
Bradford has won the title of Curry Capital of Britain for the third time in a row.
One Direction's new single, Drag Me Down, has topped the UK singles chart for the second week in a row.
Up to 20,000 Syrians have crossed into Turkey from northern Syria, the UN says, as the Syrian army continues its offensive against rebels.
Mexico's Interior Secretary Francisco Blake Mora has been killed in a helicopter crash near the capital, Mexico City, officials say.
Voters in Kenya have been casting their ballots in a general election, the first since deadly violence marred the last one in 2007.
Linfield's Champions League second round qualifier against Celtic will take place on 11 and 12 July, BBC Northern Ireland understands.
Wrexham International Airport is to close for three weekends in December for a major refurbishment of its runway.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being stabbed in the chest.
Tributes have been paid to Carmen Beckford, the founder of Bristol's St Pauls Carnival, who has died at the age of 90.
Championship side Derby County have signed Hull City left-back Craig Davies for an undisclosed fee.
Celebrity book clubs are back and this year's crop of stars includes some of the biggest names in Hollywood.
Former Republic of Ireland rugby player David Wallace has been cleared of harassing his estranged wife.
Exeter Chiefs have signed Australia lock Nic White and Jersey back row Joe Freeman for the 2017-18 season.
Burundi is one of the world's poorest countries, with an average annual income of just over $2,000 (Â£1,800).
The chief executive of Betsi Cadwaladr Health Board has said he is "very willing" to speak to the families of patients at a Denbighshire hospital who suffered abuse.
Mark McGhee says he would be "amazed" if Gordon Strachan remains as Scotland manager.
A strike by Merseyrail conductors will take place on the day of the Grand National in April, the RMT union has said.
Thousands of people have attended a concert in the Afghan capital, Kabul, by the country's best-known female singer, Gulbuddin Sayeed.
A woman has been arrested on suspicion of drink-driving after being stopped by a police car on the M1 in Suffolk.
More than a third of the UK population were unaware they were taking part in the London 2012 Olympic and Paralympic Games, a study by the Tate has found.
Swansea City winger Nathan Dyer has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a hamstring injury.
Liam Raggett scored a late winner as Dover beat Welling to boost their National League play-off hopes.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed lower on Wednesday, with Wal-Mart among the biggest fallers.
More than 1,000 potholes have been filled in in Northumberland in the past week, the county council has said.
A man has been charged with murder after a man was stabbed to death in north London.
Police in Italy say they have arrested a man in connection with a shooting on a popular nude beach in the south of the country.
China's Prime Minister Li Keqiang has called on women to stop shaving their armpits.
A Welsh adventurer has ended his bid to become the first British person to climb Mount Everest.
Hundreds of people have been arrested in Egypt's capital, Cairo, after a protest against the transfer of two islands to Saudi Arabia.
Sports Direct has cut its full-year profit forecast after the value of the pound fell below $1.30 against the dollar.
Top Gear host Ed Sheeran has taken to the track for the first time in his life, while filming the programme.
Nigel Farage is to join Fox News as a commentator on two of its channels.
One in seven patients in Wales is waiting for surgery, according to a leading medical body.
A former teacher at a Cardiff mosque has gone on trial accused of sex offences against young girls.
Britain's Johanna Konta reached the semi-finals of the Nottingham Open for the first time with a straight-set win.
The search is on for the lost treasure of Zheng He, one of China's most celebrated explorers.
Newport Gwent Dragons head coach Kingsley Jones says flanker Oliver Griffiths has a chance of making the British and Irish Lions squad.
The future of the British Grand Prix at Silverstone has been put in doubt after it was announced the circuit will not host the race in 2017.
The desk and chair used by Charles Dickens to write his first novel, A Christmas Carol, has been bought by a museum thanks to a grant from the National Heritage Memorial Fund.
A court in Egypt has suspended the formation of a constitutional assembly that is expected to draw up a new constitution.
Fifa has approved a new law which will mean players will not be allowed to wear undergarments which show political, religious or personal slogans.
Have you always wanted to be a fast bowler but not quite sure what to do?
The US Federal Reserve has warned the European Commission that it could become a "supra-national tax authority" if it takes action against Apple.
Giselle Ansley, Sophie Bray, Maddie Hinch and Hannah Macleod have been named in the Great Britain women's squad for the Rio Olympics.
More than 1,000 homes are to be built in north Wales as part of a £40m housing and town centre regeneration programme.
A new website has been launched to allow people to sign and submit e-petitions to Parliament.
J Craig Venter, who has died at the age of 70, was one of the most controversial figures in science.
A "black alert" has been declared at a hospital in Cornwall due to "unprecedented" levels of demand.
Great Britain were held to a draw by Japan in their second match of the World Rugby Under-20 Championship in Johannesburg.
Theresa May's announcement that she will not seek re-election as prime minister has been greeted with a mixture of relief and trepidation in Brussels.
A County Londonderry man and his wife have pleaded guilty to the rape and sexual assault of a woman at Maghaberry Prison.
The Scottish government is to set up a £10m fund to help train people made redundant by the oil and gas industry.
A £1.5m cycle park is to be built in the Vale of Glamorgan, Welsh Cycling has announced.
A man armed with a gun has robbed a supermarket cash machine in Glasgow.
Celtic Energy has agreed to help pay for the clean-up of two former mines, the leader of the Welsh Labour Party has said.
Mae'r tân bellach wedi rhwystro diffoddwyr rhag mynd ato ddydd Sadwrn yn ddiweddar fe syrthiodd rhan o'r pier i'r môr ac yn fuan wedyn cafodd ei ddifrodi.
Jose Mourinho's first game back in charge of Chelsea ended in defeat as they thrashed Manchester United at Stamford Bridge.
When The Only Way Is Essex ended in 2010, it was a huge success for the BBC One drama.
Police Scotland officers did not shoot a knife-wielding attacker because they feared it would put members of the public at risk, the force's top officer has said.
What is it about interest rates that are so negative that it is as if someone is paying you to use their money?
A 16-year-old boy has been charged with the rape of a 15-month-old girl in a park.
A black comedy by Robert Carlyle is to open this year's Edinburgh International Film Festival (EIFF).
A female osprey has laid her first egg at a Scottish wildlife reserve, prompting fears that the bird may be dead.
Britain would be "stronger" in the European Union if it were to leave, the president of the European Commission has said.
Growth in global energy consumption slowed in 2014, according to a report by oil giant BP.
The government is to set up a national commission into infant cremation following an inquiry into a Shropshire crematorium.
England centre Manu Tuilagi may miss the rest of the season with a knee injury, says director of rugby Richard Cockerill.
Voters in Moldova are choosing a new prime minister in a run-off election, after the incumbent was defeated in the first round.
Carlisle United manager Keith Curle says he needs to show "commitment" to the club if he is to remain in charge.
Gwynedd council is considering changing the name of a Gwynedd beach after being told it is known locally as Traeth Morfa Bychan.
A 20-year-old woman from Dorset who went missing in Thailand has contacted her family to say she wants to come home.
A man has been taken to hospital with serious injuries after being hit by a car in Cardiff.
First Minister Carwyn Jones has accused the Conservatives of "dog-whistle politics" over plans to restrict immigration.
The head of Queen's University Belfast has said the country needs to make "critical decisions" about higher education.
Dog walkers in a Hampshire town have been fined for walking more than five dogs at the same time.
The victims of child abuse at the Kincora children's home in Belfast have launched a judicial review into the government's handling of the scandal.
The families of three British tourists killed in the Nepal earthquake have been reunited with them in the UK.
Wales' men's hockey team have been promoted to the top tier of the men's game for the first time, says head coach Gareth Clements.
Michael MacNiallais scored two goals as Donegal beat 10-man Fermanagh 2-13 to 1-11 in the Ulster SFC quarter-final at Croke Park.
Fulham boss Slavisa Jokanovic says he will not send striker Chris Martin back to Derby County.
M Mubende is one of the largest gold fields in Zambia, and it has become a major employer.
Chancellor George Osborne has dropped the government's target of running a budget surplus by 2020.
Voting for the successor to Sepp Blatter will begin at Fifa's annual congress in Zurich on Thursday.
Three men have been jailed for attacking a pensioner with a hammer in a burglary at his home.
Leeds Rhinos will play Hull FC in the Million Pound Game semi-finals of the Challenge Cup.
More than 1,500 taxi drivers have been granted licences in Scotland in the past year, according to new figures.
John Cleese's Alimony Tour has received mixed reviews from critics, with one calling it "pathetic" and another saying it was "just enough to get by".
Nottingham Forest have signed Cardiff City striker Diego Macheda on loan for the rest of the season.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at how the people smugglers are making a fortune from the migrant crisis in Asia.
A woman has captured a stunning time lapse of the Northern Lights over Scrabster Harbour.
A woman who stole more than Â£1,000 from passengers at Heathrow Airport has been jailed for eight years.
An ultramarathon has taken place in Hong Kong for the first time, despite criticism that the course was "quite boring".
More than 50 jobs are under threat at a Carmarthenshire distribution centre.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at the impact of digital technology on education in Africa.
A Perth woman has admitted stealing more than £1,000 from her mother's bank account.
(Close): Wall Street markets closed higher on Friday after the US economy added stronger-than-expected jobs in July.
The government has said that the number of nurses working on NHS wards in England has risen by more than 5,000 since 2010.
Workers at the Austin's department store in Londonderry have said they are "devastated" by the loss of their jobs.
Mobile phone network Three has become the first UK network to abolish roaming charges for customers travelling outside the European Union.
Thai police investigating the murder of two British tourists say they have no evidence against two Burmese men they have questioned.
Boris Johnson has said he will not be standing for re-election as mayor of London.
The NHS in Zambia is celebrating its 50th anniversary this year with the launch of a new £1.5m health centre in the capital Lusaka.
The family of a teenager who died after being hit by a car and then stabbed in Manchester have paid tribute to their "committed and caring son".
As a child growing up in south-east London, David Thirlwell was always fascinated by chocolate - and wanted to make it his business.
The body of Osama Bin Laden, who was shot dead by US special forces in May 2011, has been buried in Saudi Arabia, US officials say.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed higher, with mining stocks leading the way after strong results from BHP Billiton and Legal & General.
The jury in the trial of the former Taoiseach (Irish Prime Minister) Enda Murphy has retired to consider its verdict.
Hundreds of thousands of small businesses in England and Wales are to get a tax cut of up to £6,000 a year, the chancellor has announced.
Wales winger Justin Cuthbert will be "very lucky" to make the World Cup squad, according to ex-Wales captain Gareth James.
Nottinghamshire all-rounder Dan Christian has signed a two-year deal with the county for the 2017 T20 Blast.
Police investigating the murder of a schoolgirl 21 years ago have said they have made a "leap forward" in their investigation.
Shrewsbury Town have re-signed midfielder Liam McGinty on a one-year contract after he impressed on loan from Barnsley.
British gymnast Aneurin Bevan has been ruled out for the rest of the season after breaking his leg in a training accident.
Hundreds of Palestinians have been injured in clashes with Israeli troops in Jerusalem and the West Bank, Palestinian officials say.
Booking.com, the world's biggest online travel agency, is facing a €356m (Â£280m; $355m) tax bill in France.
Taxi-hailing service Uber has said it is "disappointed" by proposals for changes to the way the industry is regulated in London.
Britain's Chris Evans won his seventh Tour de France title with victory in the penultimate time-trial of the race.
The United Nations has accused Nigeria's army of detaining at least 10 children as part of its counter-insurgency operations.
Olympic silver medallist Katie Murray has qualified for the final of the women's individual sabre at the European Championships.
US carmaker Hyundai has offered to help US federal employees affected by the government shutdown by deferring car payments.
A British photographer has called on Taylor Swift to "do the right thing and change her photo policy" after she was forced to hand over some rights to her music.
A father who won a legal battle over his daughter's refusal to go to school has set up a crowdfunding page to pay for legal fees.
A clerk in the US state of North Carolina has refused to issue marriage licences to gay couples, saying she was acting under "God's authority".
For many countries, the Paralympics are a distant second to the Olympics in terms of success.
The Police Ombudsman's office has been criticised by the Police Federation of Northern Ireland (PFNI) for failing to protect police officers under investigation.
Spending on school crossing patrol services in Scotland has been cut by more than 50% in the past three years, according to new figures.
Japan's Nikkei share index closed lower on Monday after the US Federal Reserve raised interest rates by 0.25% and the yen strengthened.
London Mayor Sadiq Khan has announced a four-year fares freeze for London Underground (TfL) services from 2020.
Former SNP leader Alex Salmond has said the Scottish independence campaign needs to make a stronger case for retaining the pound.
A rare piece of opal discovered in South Australia more than 70 years ago has gone on public display for the first time.
A small mudbank off the Kent coast has been the subject of much speculation over the past few years.
It's been another busy year for News Day, with more than 1,000 stories published in the past 12 months.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has accused the chief of the defence staff of breaching the military's "political neutrality" after he said he would never press the "nuclear button".
British Vogue has appointed Edward Enninful as its new editor-in-chief.
A new machine has been developed in Thailand to help people judge the best versions of classic Thai food.
There is "strong and consistent" evidence that smacking children is harmful, according to a new report.
Worcester Warriors director of rugby Steve Paver says he had doubts about the fitness and form of new signing Jack Chapman.
Newcastle United moved up to third in the Championship with victory over Aston Villa at St James' Park.
Rangers manager Mark Warburton says he has "no doubt" Brendan Rodgers is the right man to succeed him at Celtic.
The partner of a woman who was found dead in a prison cell has said a letter she wrote days before she died should have been seen by prison officials.
Thailand has been downgraded by the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) for failing to address safety concerns.
The new Ghostbusters film has received rave reviews from critics, despite the fact that it was the subject of some "mean-spirited" online criticism.
A woman has died following a two-car crash in East Lothian.
Buy-to-let landlords will have to pay an extra £5,520 a year in stamp duty under new rules announced by the chancellor.
The M8 motorway was closed in both directions for several hours after a fire broke out on a fuel tanker.
Plans for a £100m underground museum have taken a step forward after the Eden Project was awarded a £1.5m grant from the Heritage Lottery Fund.
The Isle of Man's Celtic football club has called for an independent inspection of the Sellafield nuclear plant.
Stoke City's record signing Bruno Imbula scored his first goal for the club as the Potters thrashed Bournemouth to end a run of three straight defeats.
A man who claims he was sexually abused as a child by a man who later killed himself has said he has been "shut down all the way".
Oldham Athletic have become the first club in English football to offer free entry for their League One game against Brentford on Saturday.
Police in the southern Indian city of Bangalore have detained a French diplomat after a complaint was made against him for allegedly raping a child.
Britain's Laura Trott won her second gold medal of the British Track Cycling Championships in the Virgin Islands.
A second man has appeared in court charged with attempting to murder a police officer in County Tyrone.
The US has launched air strikes against the Islamic State (IS) militant group in Syria, the Pentagon says.
A man has been jailed for 14 months for shining a laser beam into the cockpit of a police helicopter that was involved in the Clutha air disaster.
China's exports rose more than expected in February, suggesting that the world's second largest economy is regaining momentum.
Cleveland Cavaliers forward LeBron James has become the team's all-time leading scorer with 10,600 points.
A man serving a life sentence for the rape and murder of a 15-year-old girl has gone on trial accused of sexually abusing two other girls.
The story of the assassination of Nazi leader Reinhard Heydrich in Prague during World War Two has been made into a film.
A chronology of key events in the history of Iceland:.
Six members of Australia's Olympic swimming team have admitted taking the banned drug Stilnox during a team bonding exercise.
The funeral of former EastEnders star Anthony Warren, who played Ken Barlow in the soap, has taken place at Manchester Cathedral.
Fiji is the only Pacific nation not to have suffered a coup in its modern history.
The Scottish government has defended its decision to sign a deal with a Chinese consortium over a £10bn rail project in Scotland.
A peregrine falcon found dead in Gwynedd was poisoned, police have said.
Former First Minister Alex Salmond has visited the European Free Trade Association (EFTA) as part of the Scottish government's Brexit strategy.
Three Russian opposition activists have gone on hunger strike after they were barred from taking part in regional elections.
Hampshire's batsmen struggled as Somerset took control on day one of their County Championship Division Two match at Taunton.
South Africa's law reform commission has called for a change in the country's constitution to make Christmas Day a national holiday.
Three men have been arrested in connection with the theft of a nativity scene in Inverness.
Nigeria's main opposition party has suffered its biggest defeat since military rule ended in 1999 in elections for state governors.
Everton have announced plans to build a new stadium on the site of their current home.
Carlitos Tevez has completed his move from Juventus to Chinese Super League side Shanghai SIPG.
A public decency order has been issued against "rambling naked" campaigner Stephen Gough.
A further £500,000 has been pledged to the Glasgow School of Art (GSA) to help with the cost of restoring the fire-damaged building.
Francesco Bonatini scored the only goal of the game as Wolves beat Middlesbrough in the opening game of the Championship season.
Bristol have sacked head coach Jamie Robinson and replaced him with assistant Mark Tainton on an interim basis.
Mae'r Scarlets wedi iddo dderbyn cerdyn coch yn y rownd gynderfynol yn dilyn penderfyniad panel disgyblu i ddileu'r gwaharddiad.
The phrase "cloud computing" has been used to describe a vast network of computers that can be accessed at any time, anywhere in the world.
The financial crisis of 2007-08 was triggered by the collapse of Iceland's three largest banks.
The Duke of Cambridge has said looking after his three-week-old son was "right up there" with the "physically and mentally demanding" job of search and rescue pilot.
Two Mexican journalists have been shot dead in separate attacks in the past week.
Shares in Yum Brands, the owner of Pizza Hut, Taco Bell and KFC, have risen 5% in after-hours trading after the company reported a rise in profits in China.
The 2021 Commonwealth Youth Games will be held in Belfast and Bangor, it has been announced.
President Donald Trump's healthcare bill has been withdrawn from a vote in the US House of Representatives.
As George and Amal Clooney announce the birth of their twins, we take a look at some of the reaction on social media.
The law firm Leigh Day has said it is "taken extremely seriously" after a poster appeared in the aftermath of the Grenfell Tower fire in London.
Levels of violence at HMP Doncaster are "considerably higher" than in similar prisons, a report has said.
New York's Metropolitan Museum of Art is being sued for allegedly misleading visitors into paying the full $25 (Â£19.50) price of admission.
Democratic presidential hopeful Hillary Clinton has said she will be a "progressive" president, after being challenged by rival Bernie Sanders.
Alloa Athletic have appointed John Ross as their new head coach.
US President Donald Trump has said he would prefer to work with Russian President Vladimir Putin rather than "a bunch of killers".
Swansea City head coach Paul Clement says defender Alfie Mawson has the potential to become a top Premier League defender.
Plans to extract gravel from ancient woodland in Derbyshire are the "largest threat to a single ancient woodland site in England", a conservation charity has said.
Bog snorkelling will be one of the main attractions at this year's National Games in Gwynedd.
Former American football star Johnny Manziel has been charged with assaulting his ex-girlfriend in Texas last month.
Scotland's first minister has said she does not believe there is anyone who thinks a second independence referendum will be held in 2017.
A survivor of the Hillsborough disaster has told the inquests he was asked by police to change the meaning of his statement.
The chairman of Avon and Somerset Fire and Rescue Service has said he is "disappointed" by the government's decision to launch an investigation into allegations of mismanagement.
Stock markets in Europe and the US have ended the week higher, after a week of turmoil on China's stock markets.
Kimi Raikkonen headed Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg in a Ferrari one-two at the first practice session of the Chinese Grand Prix.
The Forth Road Bridge should be operational and open to all traffic on completion of urgent repair work, Scotland's transport secretary has said.
An investigation has been launched into the finances of a hospital trust after a £7.8m overspend.
More than 1,000 packets of cigarettes have been found in the boot of a car in Dorset.
Channel 4 quiz show host Charlotte Toksvig has said she is a "big fan" of more female hosts on quiz shows, despite the BBC banning all-male panels.
An investigation into a fatal helicopter crash in Norway in April has found evidence of fatigue in parts of the main gearbox.
The number of people visiting towns and cities in the Scottish Borders has risen, according to new figures.
Domestic abusers could be offered therapy in a bid to stop them going on to kill their next victim.
Ospreys wing Keelan Giles is set to replace injured Hallam Amos in Wales' Six Nations squad.
Anthony Joshua has a "chink in his armour" when he fights Wladimir Klitschko, says former world champion Lennox Lewis.
The owners of Blackpool Football Club are taking legal action over comments made on a fans' forum.
A 21-year-old man who died in a car crash in Aberdeenshire has been named by police.
Derry missed the chance to win their first Ulster SFC title since 1999 as they were held to a draw by Mayo in extra-time in Castlebar.
Kilmarnock manager Lee Clark has praised captain Stevie Smith for playing through an injury.
Jonathan Rea missed out on a third successive World Superbikes title as he finished second to Chaz Davies in race two at Jerez.
Independent school students in England received extra time to complete GCSE and A-level exams last year, according to official figures.
England forward Joe Burgess has taken part in a trial for the New York Giants, reports BBC Radio Manchester.
Doncaster maintained their 100% start to the League Two season with a thrilling win at Stevenage.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farhad Manjrekar looks at a Nepalese cricketer's struggle to get citizenship.
Castleford Tigers maintained their 100% start to the Super League season with a hard-fought victory over St Helens.
West Ham's final game at the Boleyn Ground ended in disaster as the pitch collapsed under the weight of West Ham's players and coaches.
The opening stage of the 2016 Tour de France will be held in Berlin, organisers have announced.
Delays in discharging dementia patients from an Edinburgh hospital have been described as "not acceptable" by a mental health watchdog.
A man and woman have been charged with running a brothel ring in the UK, police have said.
The lawyer for former Guatemalan army chief Efrain Rios Montt has been shot dead, days after his conviction for genocide was overturned.
The Oscar-winning producer of the Rocky films, John Chartoff, has died at the age of 83.
The 50th anniversary of England's victory at the 1966 World Cup has been marked with a special event in London.
A dedicated unit to tackle online hate crime in London has been launched by the city's mayor.
If you want to browse the internet more securely, you need to set up a VPN server.
Danish brewer Carlsberg has cut its full-year profit forecast after sales in Ukraine fell by more than a quarter.
The mother of toddler Ben Needham, who went missing on the Greek island of Kos more than 20 years ago, has said she is "desperate" to find him.
Examiners and coastguard staff are to stage a series of strikes in a row over cuts to transport services.
Cambridge United and 10-man Carlisle United played out a goalless draw in League Two.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death in Wolverhampton.
The new owners of Thanet's Manston Airport have accused the government of breaching election rules by announcing its intention to buy the site.
At the University Hospital of Bambari in the Central African Republic (CAR) in the early hours of Saturday morning, the only patients were two women, Maria Gerizapa and her son Kevin, who had both been shot.
Former WBA and IBF super-middleweight champion Carl Froch says he will return to the ring in December.
MPs have been debating the future of the West End at Prime Minister's Questions, and one of the main talking points was the case for regional theatres.
A tropical storm has formed in the Atlantic Ocean, the first of its kind to form in the region since records began in 1910.
The Queen has said the Wales Bill will be published "as early as possible" in the new parliamentary session.
Scotland lock Jonny Gray has signed a new three-year contract with Glasgow Warriors.
A speaker was carried in a car carrying heroin with a street value of £5m, a court has heard.
More than half of Scots have had to borrow money or use credit to buy food in the past year, according to a new report.
A council has said it has had to place six children in residential care outside of Kent due to an influx of migrants from Syria.
Rugby union players have been told they "deserve" to be paid in excess of £1m a year, according to Mark Hopley.
A furniture shop owner has been jailed for five years for running a "significant" cannabis farm.
Officials in the US state of Florida are searching for a 10-foot (3.5-m) python that escaped from a home in the city of Daytona Beach.
The Football Association of Northern Ireland's Disciplinary Committee has upheld a three-match ban handed down to Glenavon's Mark Novo for his red card against Glentoran in the Premiership match at Windsor Park on Saturday.
Two men who died when their light aircraft crashed on a farm have been named by police.
Northamptonshire bowled out Kent for a first-innings total of 187 to take control on day two of their Division Two match.
The trial of three al-Jazeera journalists accused of spreading false news has begun in Egypt, with prosecutors playing a series of video clips.
The UK's Supreme Court is to rule on whether a couple can sue the government over claims they were tortured under the so-called rendition programme.
A woman whose grandfather died in Afghanistan has said she is still waiting for her passport after being denied a visa to return home.
A man has been detained indefinitely after being found not guilty of attempted murder on the grounds of insanity.
A number of roads have been closed after heavy rain caused landslips in the Highlands.
The Welsh Government has said it is "extremely concerned" by BBC Studios' plans to cut 27 jobs in Wales.
John Dodd has been named the best-selling single of the 1960s by the Official Charts Company, ahead of The Beatles.
Eight-time Isle of Man TT winner Lee Hutchinson suffered a broken leg in a crash in the Superbike race on Saturday.
At the top, but not in the inner circle.
Novak Djokovic and Milos Raonic have been knocked out of the men's doubles at the Olympic Games.
A former CIA station chief jailed in Italy for his role in the "extraordinary rendition" of a terror suspect has been arrested in Panama.
Gloucester's Jamie Milkins says he needed the win at the UK Championship after a run of five successive defeats.
Gardaí (Irish police) are carrying out searches in Dublin as part of an investigation into the murder of boxer Shane Byrne.
The pitch for the 2017 Champions League final in Cardiff has been unveiled.
Newport's Viking ship is set to be moved to a new site after councillors agreed to pay for the move.
Donald Trump's campaign manager, Corey Lewandowski, has been charged with assaulting a reporter, the Republican presidential candidate's campaign says.
Two people have pleaded guilty to health and safety offences following the death of a man at a fuel depot in March 2013.
Hundreds of tenants in Southampton are being forced to live in unlicensed homes, a council has said.
Pepper, the humanoid robot that has become a hit in Japan, is to be deployed in hospitals in Belgium.
Malnutrition was a factor in the deaths of 828 terminally ill patients last year, according to official figures.
The brother of one of the victims of Bloody Sunday has condemned plans for a march by former British soldiers in Londonderry.
India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi has launched a campaign to boost manufacturing, saying it is "pained" that industrialists are being forced to leave the country.
Nigeria coach Stephen Keshi has been cleared by the Nigeria Football Federation (NFF) after failing to attend a disciplinary hearing on Tuesday.
Human remains have been found by a cyclist in East Lothian, more than a decade after the disappearance of mother-of-three Ann Tiffney.
Oldham Athletic manager Karl Robinson says the club's transfer embargo should be lifted by the end of next week.
A tipper truck has crashed into the front of a house, causing the roof to collapse.
Michael O'Neill's Northern Ireland suffered a 3-0 defeat by Norway at Windsor Park as goals from Kristoffer Nordtveit, Mohamed Elyounoussi and Peter Ruud sealed all three points.
French far-right leader Marine Le Pen has met Russian President Vladimir Putin during a visit to Moscow.
A 25-year-old man who was killed in a shooting at a house party in Surrey has been named by police as James Hunter.
Prime Minister David Cameron has said he is "very happy" with the deal on the UK's membership of the European Union.
The Welsh Government's decision to end a youth bus pass scheme has been reversed by the economy secretary.
A woman who stole more than £600,000 from her employer to fund her lifestyle has been ordered to pay back £587,434.
Hundreds of jobs are under threat at an Aberdeen-based oil and gas engineering firm.
E-commerce firms could be targeted by the taxman in a bid to crack down on the so-called "hidden economy".
Do you know how many tonnes of gold and silver have been found in the UK in the last few years?
A song about fusing a pen with an apple and a pineapple has gone viral in Japan, with more than two million views on YouTube in less than a day.
A rugby player who died after a clash with an opponent suffered a bleed on the brain, an inquest heard.
Southampton maintained their unbeaten start to the Premier League season with a hard-fought victory over Leicester.
In the early 1980s, a group of graffiti artists began to congregate in New York's subway system to produce their work.
Lithuania's Football Association has been charged by Uefa after fighting broke out during England's Euro 2016 qualifier in Vilnius on Tuesday.
Newport County chief executive Martin Foxall says the club are "expecting to be honoured" by their lease to use Rodney Parade.
Former world number one Paul Lawrie says he will have surgery on his foot this winter, which will see him miss the start of next season.
A man who posted lewd images of two women online has been jailed for two years and four months.
The Republic of Ireland's embassy in the United States raised concerns about the film Goodfellas in 1952 because of its depiction of Irish life in the 1930s.
Three men have been jailed after cannabis plants worth more than £800,000 were found at an industrial estate in Bridgend.
Australian police are investigating the murder of a prominent criminal lawyer who was targeted by the city's underworld.
Greater Manchester Police are investigating social media abuse directed at Leeds Rhinos player Ben Flower.
Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has been urged to end the country's offshore migrant camps by a leading human rights campaigner.
A 90-year-old mobility scooter rider was taken to hospital after he was seen driving the wrong way down a dual carriageway.
Fifa president Gianni Infantino has opened South Sudan's first professional football stadium.
Derek McInnes' assurances that he would remain as Pittodrie manager were a key factor in his decision to sign a new deal, according to Joe Logan.
Hundreds of people have attended a service to remember those who have died while serving their country.
Buffy creator Joss Whedon has deleted his Twitter account following criticism of his portrayal of female characters.
The organisation behind the XO laptop has been awarded a $1.5m (£1.1m) grant to develop a tablet version of the device.
Owners of cars can modify software on their vehicles without violating copyright laws, the US Library of Congress has ruled.
American Jason Bohn is recovering in hospital after suffering a "mild heart attack" during the third round of the US PGA Championship.
Australia will play New Zealand in the Women's World Twenty20 final after beating England by nine wickets in the semi-final in India.
Oil prices have fallen sharply following a decision by the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) not to cut production.
The Soloist building in Belfast city centre has been bought by a London-based company.
When US President Barack Obama meets German Chancellor Angela Merkel in Washington this week, it will be the first meeting between the two leaders since the revelations of former National Security Agency (NSA) contractor Edward Snowden.
World number one Jason Day won the Arnold Palmer Invitational by three shots on Sunday.
At Malakal airfield in north-eastern Kyrgyzstan, there is a familiar sight: rows and rows of concrete buildings, their windows and doors boarded up, their doors locked.
After an acid attack on her son at the age of five, she was taken to hospital and told her life would never be the same.
Police investigating the deaths of a couple at their home in Ballycastle, County Antrim, have said they are treating the deaths as "unexplained".
There was nothing new in Theresa May's speech to the Conservative Party conference on Thursday night.
The Scottish government is to introduce legislation to make it mandatory for nurses and midwives to work in Scotland's hospitals.
Ukrainian officials and many in the media claim that the country is completely free of neo-Nazi and fascist parties.
Greece has submitted new proposals to its lenders in a bid to avoid defaulting on its debts, the European Commission says.
A five-year-old boy with a rare form of leukaemia who was taken abroad for treatment may not be getting the chemotherapy he needs, doctors have warned.
Dogs could be banned from some public spaces in Wrexham under plans being considered by the council.
Two people have been taken to hospital following a two-vehicle crash on the A55 near Bangor.
Portsmouth goalkeeper Ben Carson made a string of fine saves as the League Two leaders were held to a goalless draw by Hartlepool.
A loggerhead turtle that washed up on a beach in the Isle of Man is being moved to a special tank in a bid to save its life.
Rohit Singh, a 12-year-old boy from a village in the northern Indian state of Uttar Pradesh, is earning money by fishing out coins from the River Yamuna.
A bill to lower the legal limit for driving in England and Wales has been backed by more than 100 health organisations.
The Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC) has launched an inquiry into the deaths of Sian Blake and her two sons.
Motherwell have confirmed the signing of former Scotland Under-21 defender Jonny Pearson on a two-year contract.
A seven-year-old girl who needed a heart transplant after her father had the same procedure has returned to school.
The Arizona Cardinals have appointed the first female coach in the American Football League, according to the team's website.
Welsh political parties should stop talking about "hard and soft Brexit" and concentrate on " jobs Brexit", a former Labour AM has said.
US Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has said he saw a video of a $400m (£300m) payment to Iran made by the Obama administration.
A woman has been killed and another injured in a chainsaw and axe attack at a shopping centre in Belarus.
Former First Minister Peter Robinson's father-in-law applied for a green energy scheme before he and his wife were married, it has emerged.
The mayor of Paris has threatened to sue Fox News after the network suggested there were "no-go areas" for Muslims in the city.
UK interest rates have been held at 0.5% by the Bank of England's Monetary Policy Committee (MPC).
England all-rounder Ben Stokes says he will take a "step back" during the three-match one-day series against Pakistan.
Former Labour leader Michael Mann has said he will vote for the UK to remain in the European Union.
Plans for a technology park and teaching block at the University of Sussex have been submitted to the council.
Saracens ran in seven tries as they thrashed Oyonnax in their Champions Cup opener in France.
A man who led police on a high-speed chase for more than 50 minutes has been jailed for 15 months.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England - the gallery will grow during the week.
Caitlyn Jenner, Angelina Jolie and Vogue editor Anna Wintour are among the 100 most influential women in the world.
When he was appointed as chief executive of one of Asia's biggest property companies in 1997, Choe Choe said he wanted to build a business that would "survive and thrive".
Derby County's winless run extended to five games as they were held to a goalless draw by Brentford.
Glasgow Warriors will work hard to keep their best players at the Pro12 club, according to director of rugby Jim Blair.
Olympic champion cyclist Lizzie Armitstead has given birth to her first child.
A canoe has been found in the middle of the M1 motorway.
West Ham defender Diafra Sakho has signed a new five-year contract with the Premier League club.
Sergio Aguero says Manchester City still have time to "put things right" after being booed off the pitch for the second time this week.
More than 100 schools have been closed across England as snow continues to fall across the country.
Archaeologists say they have found the remains of what could be the largest plague burial site in the world.
Staff at a County Antrim primary school where a father and son were seriously injured in an incident have been given specialist counselling.
American Airlines and United have become the first major US airlines to ban the shipment of hunting trophies following the killing of a lion in Zimbabwe.
Rugby league's chief executive has said it is "extremely important" to "do London well" as the sport returns to the capital.
Talks are under way at the EU summit in Brussels on how to deal with the influx of migrants and refugees.
A police officer has been arrested in connection with a hoax terror threat in December last year.
At least 21 people were injured when a pick-up truck ploughed into a crowd at a Mardi Gras parade in the US city of New Orleans, police say.
The Gleneagles Guesthouse in Southend has offered a free night in its "premier suite" after host Michael O'Grady called the town a "shit hole" on The Only Way is Essex.
It is not every day that you find yourself in the middle of a conversation with the boss of a snack food company and ask him if he would like a job.
Most Wall Street economists and reporters have a favourite chart.
The Archbishop of Canterbury Justin Welby has said he would support assisted dying for the terminally ill.
Monarch Airlines has said the terror attacks in Paris last month have had a "positive impact" on its business.
A Lockerbie man has been found guilty of the murder of a man he believed had supplied drugs which led to the death of his friend.
Tesla has said it will increase production of its cars by five-fold over the next two years.
"If you want a good marriage, get a good husband."
Bristol have re-signed full-back Luke Arscott from Bath on a deal until the end of the season.
Pupils at a school in Surrey have been banned from playing British Bulldog for the second year running.
Northern Ireland's economic growth will remain the lowest of the 12 UK regions in 2015, according to a leading accountancy firm.
"A better investigation may have resulted in a trial nine years ago."
At least three people have been killed and seven injured in a shooting at a wood processing plant in Switzerland, prosecutors say.
Plans for a £2.5m dragon sculpture in Wrexham are set to be given a five-year extension.
Nottinghamshire director of cricket Dougie Newell says relegation from Division One of the County Championship is "not like losing your place in football".
A woman has told a court she was raped and forced to work in a restaurant by a man accused of child sex abuse in Rotherham.
Pope Francis has called on Christians to follow the example of the baby Jesus, who was born into poverty in a manger.
The trial of prominent Chinese dissident Guzaili Tohti has begun in the western region of Xinjiang.
London Mayor Boris Johnson has been caught up in a high-wire stunt at the Olympic Games in Rio.
Watch highlights of Reading's 1-0 win over Fulham at the Madejski Stadium.
The Euro 2016 qualifier between Northern Ireland and Moldova has been postponed because of a crash on the M1 in the Republic of Ireland.
Middlesbrough boss Steve Agnew says his side were "naive" in their 4-2 home defeat by Hull City.
At least nine people have been killed in a shootout between rival drug gangs in northern Mexico, officials say.
If a school were to announce that it was going to close its sixth form, there would have been a storming of the gates.
The Lion King is one of 25 films to be added to the US Library of Congress's National Film Registry.
At least 160 people have been killed in a collapse at a church in the northern Nigerian city of Uyo, officials say.
England off-spinner Moeen Ali says it will be "tougher" for him to replicate his Test form against New Zealand and Australia in the summer.
A woman accused of being sexually abused by a former aide to the Duke of Edinburgh has told a court she is not "fantasyising, lying or imagining it".
Ireland lost their second one-day international against Afghanistan by eight wickets after being set a target of 338 to win.
Nottingham Forest striker Britt Assombalonga has left the club by mutual consent.
A 15-year-old boy has been arrested in connection with a knife attack at a school in which a teacher and a student were injured.
Raith Rovers were held to a draw by Inverness Caledonian Thistle in Scottish League One.
Former world heavyweight champion Tyson Fury says professional boxers will be beaten by amateur fighters at the Rio Olympics.
Hundreds of people have gathered in London to mark Anzac Day, which commemorates the Gallipoli landings in 1915.
The US has imposed new sanctions on Iran in response to the country's recent nuclear deal with world powers.
The number of pupils applying for GCSEs has fallen for the second year running, according to Ofqual.
The government has announced the preferred bidders for the next two rail franchises in England.
Four people have been rescued after a speedboat capsized off the coast of Torbay.
Former residents of Magdalene laundry-style institutions and victims of clerical child abuse have called for the remit of an inquiry to be widened.
Intel has reported a fall in profits for the three months to the end of September, as the firm continues to struggle with slowing PC sales.
The prime minister is to ask whether the UK can offer more counter-terrorism support to Indonesia and Malaysia.
The Welsh government is to lend £4.5m to airlines to help them build new bases in Wales.
A mother who left a letter at a supermarket saying she was "at the end of her tether" has been praised for her "random act of kindness".
At least 22 people have been killed in two separate attacks by suspected Islamist militants in north-eastern Nigeria, officials say.
Maternity services at Caithness General Hospital in Inverness are to be changed sooner than planned, it has been announced.
Scotland's new curriculum for secondary schools will be introduced in September, the Scottish government has announced.
A letter written by Princess Elizabeth describing her relationship with Prince Philip has sold at auction for more than £20,000.
Plaid Cymru leader Leanne Wood grew up in Rhondda Cynon Taff and went to school in the town.
The environmental impact of a third runway at Heathrow Airport would be "marginal" but not "catastrophic", according to research.
Belgium's Lawn Tennis Federation (FTF) says it is "confident" the Davis Cup final against Great Britain will go ahead despite security concerns in the country.
A passenger plane has crashed into a minivan near Ghana's main airport, killing all 10 people on board.
A man has been jailed for a minimum of 18 years for the murder of a man in Brighton in 2011.
Sinn Féin's Naomi Sugden has been appointed as Northern Ireland's new justice minister.
Bristol Rovers manager Darrell Clarke says he does not fear for his job following the club's takeover by a private equity firm.
Japanese prosecutors are investigating the advertising firm Dentsu over the death of a young employee who took her own life from overwork.
It's been a bad start to the new Premier League season.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Ghanaian film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at the state of a major road in the country.
A cyclist has died after collapsing while taking part in a charity bike ride.
Permian and Khalidi have been added to the field for this year's Derby at Epsom, with Cracksman the favourite.
Activity in the UK's manufacturing sector fell to a three-year low in April, according to a closely-watched survey.
At least six people have been killed in an attack at a bar in the Malian capital Bamako, officials say.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic has announced he will leave Paris St-Germain at the end of the season.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp says Steven Gerrard has a "bright future" as a manager.
Exeter City have signed former Crystal Palace, Coventry City and Republic of Ireland striker Jim Morrison on a one-year deal.
More than 75 million people attended sports events in the UK in 2015, according to new figures from Deloitte.
A dentist has been banned from the profession after a woman said she was "butchered and robbed" of her life savings.
The Italian captain of the Costa Concordia, Francesco Schettino, has been sentenced to 12 years in prison for manslaughter.
Twenty-eight British cyclists won medals at London 2012 - a record number for a single Games.
Olympic taekwondo champion Jade Jones should follow in the footsteps of Ronda Rousey and become a mixed martial arts fighter, says Welsh fighter Neil Johns.
An exhibition of photographs of people dressed in their work uniforms has gone on show in Brighton, England.
Worcestershire batsman Liam Wells has signed a new two-year contract with the county.
The operator of the Wales and Borders rail franchise has announced it is to add extra trains to Cardiff Central.
Lenovo has unveiled a smartphone that uses facial-recognition technology to identify its surroundings, as well as a smartphone with a modular design.
Hundreds of people have gathered in the Latvian capital, Riga, to take part in an annual memorial service.
Preparations are under way to prepare for flooding in north Wales after days of heavy rain.
A federal judge in Brazil has ordered the arrest of the former speaker of the lower house of Congress, Eduardo Cunha, on corruption charges.
Sir Roger Moore's life story has been made into a film for the London 2012 arts festival.
Prime Minister Theresa May's letter to the Welsh and Scottish governments setting out her plans for Brexit has been described as "unacceptable" by the first minister.
Prime Minister David Cameron is to send more British troops to Somalia to help fight the Islamist militant group al-Shabab.
Bournemouth manager Eddie Howe has signed a new three-and-a-half-year contract.
The owner of a North Sea fishing boat has been fined £20,000 after a crewman died following an incident involving a petrol pump.
A Denbighshire MP has said the UK government's plan to allow English MPs to vote on Welsh issues should be treated "with caution".
Police investigating the discovery of a suspected dissident republican arms dump in County Antrim have said there is no evidence so far that it is linked to the IRA.
At least 35 people have been killed and dozens injured in a gas explosion in north-eastern Nigeria, police say.
A chronology of key events:. (clockwise from top):
Wales striker Sam Vokes says his team-mates can take confidence from their recent results when they face the Republic of Ireland in Dublin on Saturday.
Oscar Simpson has gone to court in Los Angeles to appeal against his conviction for a 2007 Las Vegasabilia robbery.
Hearts have agreed a deal to sign Derby County striker Conor Sammon on a two-year contract.
Czech cyclist Martin Kreuziger has been cleared of doping after being provisionally suspended before the Tour de France.
The public inquiry into the murders of up to 50 people by the IRA's so-called Stakeknife is due to begin in Belfast later.
Tesco has apologised for using an image of a farmer pulling carrots on an organic farm as part of a marketing campaign.
It was supposed to be a historic moment when Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg met in Silicon Valley to discuss digital India.
Former Scotland boss Alex McLeish has agreed a deal to become the new coach of Egyptian club Zamalek.
Eritrea has dismissed a UN report that accused its government of war crimes and human rights abuses, calling it "totally unfounded".
A bus driver has been suspended after a video of a street fight was posted on social media.
Welsh actress Angharad Rees, best known for her role as Demelza in the BBC's Poldark, has died at the age of 74.
Environmentalists and energy firms have called on the Scottish government to boost the use of renewable heat sources.
People who leave their rubbish outside bins could face a fine of up to £1,000 if they continue to do so.
The family of a student who died in a car crash have paid tribute to their "extremely proud" daughter.
Summer is the busiest time of year for many of the world's coastal cities, as they prepare for the arrival of millions of tourists.
A music and surfing festival has been cancelled because of bad weather in Wales.
The Indian Premier League gets under way on Monday, with Kings XI Punjab taking on Rising Pune Supergiants at the Waca in Delhi.
Google’s plan to beam internet connectivity across the world using balloons has taken a major step forward after the firm said it had improved its technology.
Plans to turn a former Ministry of Defence (MoD) depot in Shropshire into a multi-million pound development have been unveiled.
More than 1,000 people have been charged with drugs offences in Belfast since a campaign was launched last year, police have said.
A mother killed her two children before taking her own life, an inquest has heard.
The body of a man has been found at a flat in the Thornhill area of Glasgow.
A UK exit from the European Union could cut the number of people coming to the country by 40,000 a year, according to a new report.
The government has admitted it is in breach of EU law on nitrogen dioxide pollution, the High Court has been told.
Lawyers for Adnan Syed, the US man at the centre of the hit podcast Serial, are seeking to reopen the case of his murder.
A second object has been found in a treasure hunt in Scunthorpe, following the success of the first two.
A businessman has been jailed for killing a 15-year-old boy who drowned while trying to retrieve golf balls from a lake.
A man has died in a fire at a house in Oxford.
Swansea City boss Paul Clement has compared Fernando Llorente to the likes of John Terry, Sergio Ramos and Cristiano Ronaldo.
The Stormont Executive has been unable to reach an agreement on a budget for the next financial year, which starts on 1 July.
The father of a British-Iranian toddler held in Iran for more than a month is to hold an event in memory of his wife.
Scientists in the US say they have made the first human-pig embryos.
Zimbabwe's President Robert Mugabe has said he will not step down, despite opposition calls for him to do so.
The author of the best-selling children's book A Wrinkle in Time, Harper Lee, has told a friend why she never wrote another book.
Town centres in Caerphilly county will not have their Christmas lights switched on this year because of budget cuts, a council has said.
American businessman Frank McCourt has been confirmed as the new owner of French Ligue 1 side Marseille.
Sir Chris Hoy will be the flag bearer for Team GB at the opening ceremony of the London 2012 Olympics on 7 August.
A court has ordered the father of a Swansea woman held against her will in Saudi Arabia to allow her to return home.
Mae'r Ail Ryfel Byd wedi dweud ei defnyddio fel lloches gan deulu o Iddewon oedd yn cuddio rhag y Natsïaid.
Plans to give English MPs a veto over laws that have been devolved to the Scottish Parliament have been announced.
Ethnic minorities in Hong Kong are being denied equal access to education and the labour market because of language barriers, a study has found.
The Northern Ireland Assembly has voted in favour of devolving corporation tax to Stormont.
Plans have been unveiled for a £10m revamp of Oxford's bus and cycle station.
A gay rights group in Russia has warned that gay men are being tortured in the republic of Chechnya, where it says at least three people have died.
Lewis Hamilton says there is "urgency" for him to beat Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg in Sunday's Russian Grand Prix.
Russia has passed a law requiring bloggers to register with the country's media regulator.
Spanish police say they have broken up a ring that used Chinese nationals to work illegally as domestic workers.
A man has been shot dead and another injured in an attack on a train in the German city of Stuttgart.
Former Nottingham Forest boss Graham Davies says he would be "delighted" to return to the Championship club.
Mo Farah missed out on a second gold medal at the World Athletics Championships as he finished third in the men's 4x100m relay.
The mother of David Cameron's son, Ivan, has said his death prepared her for becoming prime minister.
Two elderly women have been conned out of more than £10,000 by conmen posing as BT technical support staff.
The former Catholic priest, Fr Alec Reid, who was a key figure in the peace process during the Troubles, has died.
Bayern Munich boss Pep Guardiola says his side's Champions League victory over Porto was "easy to love" after a "difficult" season.
Farmers in Wales are being urged to join forces in a bid to improve the way they deal with milk processors.
A woman has died and two children have been injured in a crash on the M25 in Berkshire.
Racism in football has been made a criminal offence under new rules passed by Fifa.
Hartlepool United have appointed Craig Hignett as their new manager on a two-year contract.
A man has died in a fire at a house in East Sussex.
A vicar has been arrested on suspicion of indecent assault on a child.
Welsh referee Nigel Owens has confirmed he will officiate at the 2019 Rugby World Cup.
Four Israelis have been charged in connection with the death of a Palestinian man who was beaten by a mob in October.
Brazil have added Kaka to their squad for next month's Under-20 World Cup in South America.
Arsenal Ladies reached the Women's FA Cup final for the third time in four years with a comfortable victory over Birmingham City Ladies.
Mae Llywodraeth y DU wedi dweud bod 'na alw am fwy o raglenni lleol ar wahân i'r rheiny sy'n cael eu cynnig gan y BBC a darlledwyr masnachol.
The Scottish Police Authority (SPA) is considering the closure of its control room in Inverness, BBC Scotland has learned.
A man has appeared in court charged with the attempted murder of a doctor at a hospital in North Lanarkshire.
Two Labour AMs have said they want to ban letting fees for student accommodation in Wales.
Plastic surgeons in the UK are being urged to give patients a two-week cooling-off period before carrying out cosmetic surgery.
Arsenal were knocked out of the FA Cup in the fourth round by Blackburn Rovers thanks to Chris Kazim-Richards' second-half goal.
Howler monkeys do not all have the same sex, according to a new study.
Welsh Labour MP Christina Rees has been appointed shadow Welsh secretary by Jeremy Corbyn.
A Romanian man who hacked into Hillary Clinton's private email account has been sentenced to three years in prison in the US.
Cardiff Central railway station is to be temporarily closed for the Champions League final to allow for a truck stunt event to take place.
The chair of the inquiry into historical child abuse in Scotland has asked survivors to give evidence by the end of 2016.
A shopkeeper in the Indian city of Mumbai has told the BBC that he has received death threats after a video emerged of him trying to stop a man being beaten up.
Targets have been set for the number of Welsh-speaking children in schools in Wales to rise by 50% by 2020.
A man who was left paralysed after a brain haemorrhage has won a legal battle against three nurses who mistreated him.
Residents in Surrey have been asked to leave "weird and wonderful" items in their recycling bins to help the county meet its recycling target.
On Friday, US President Donald Trump took to Twitter to predict the outcome of next year's French presidential election, following the Paris attacks.
A US soldier has been charged with attempted murder after allegedly stabbing a fellow soldier to death at a military base in Washington state.
BBC Radio 1 DJ Chris James has been awarded an Honorary Doctorate of Laws by the University of East Anglia.
A beach clean-up group has been awarded a £10,000 grant by the Manx government to expand its work.
James Ward produced a stunning comeback to beat John Isner and give Great Britain a 2-1 lead in their Davis Cup quarter-final against the United States.
A huge underwater forest has been discovered off the east coast of England, dating back more than 10,000 years.
A man who tried to smuggle £3,860 worth of heroin into a prison by putting it in his mouth has been jailed for six months.
Lectures were moved away from an area of Cardiff University after a controlled explosion was carried out to remove hazardous chemicals.
Gambling revenue in the Chinese territory of Macau hit a record high in 2010, according to official figures.
Chinese artist Ai Weiwei has returned to the Greek island of Lesbos for the first time in more than two years to exhibit his work.
The author of the Chilcot report into the Iraq War is to give evidence to MPs for the first time.
Cafodd ei bod yn gorffen ei sif yn Sir Caerffili yng Nghaerdydd wedi cyntaf i gyrraedd y llety yng Ngwynedd.
The value of the pound against the US dollar has fallen to a 30-year low after the UK voted to leave the European Union.
The government has been urged to do more to protect whistleblowers after a report said many were subjected to "appalling" treatment.
The lights of Sydney's Opera House have been switched off for Earth Hour as part of a global campaign against climate change.
Tens of thousands of people have attended the funeral of US student Otto Warmbier, who died last week after being detained in North Korea.
Scotland's Jamie Maguire said he was "embarrassed" by his performance in his World Championship first-round defeat.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has said she is "very unhappy" after her party's anti-immigrant Alternative fuer Deutschland (AfD) came second in a regional election.
One in every four men in the world is a daily smoker, according to a new report from the World Health Organization.
Formula 1 boss Bernie Ecclestone says the sport is "not putting on a very good show".
Tata Steel has been fined more than £900,000 for breaching health and safety rules after a chemical was released at a plant in Rotherham.
Sinn FÃ©in, the UUP, Alliance and the SDLP are to hold talks with the prime minister later about a deal with the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP).
The new head of the Afghan Taliban, Mullah Akhtar Mansour, and his bodyguards have been killed in a gunfight in the southern city of Quetta, the BBC has learned.
Two teenagers have been jailed for life for the murder of a man who was stabbed to death in his home.
An inquest has opened into the death of a man whose body was found at a house where his ex-partner was critically injured.
A 19-year-old man has been arrested in connection with a serious assault in Glasgow city centre.
A "bubble match" between Chester and Wrexham ended in a goalless draw on Saturday.
Championship side Ipswich Town have signed defender Tomasz Klich on a season-long loan deal from Borussia Dortmund.
Paint has been thrown through the window of a County Antrim community hall for the second time in less than a month.
The UK is to make a formal protest to Ecuador over the cost of protecting Julian Assange, the Foreign Office says.
In the past few weeks, Arab and Western diplomats have been holding intensive talks aimed at finding a political solution to the conflict in Syria.
Barnsley have signed Wrexham winger Kayden Jackson on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
The International Paralympic Committee (IPC) has said it is "disappointed" by the absence of Algeria's goalball team from the Rio Paralympics.
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott has defended his country's policy of detaining migrants at sea, after the New York Times called it "inhumane".
Plans for a new tennis court at the home of the Queen and Prince Philip have been submitted to a council.
The National Audit Office (NAO) has urged the government to do more to provide childcare and housing for refugees in the UK.
A 19-year-old man is in a critical condition in hospital after being attacked by a group of men in west Belfast.
The UK has been chosen to build Europe's next-generation Solar Orbiter (SolO).
As I've written before, the UK and Holyrood governments are set for a battle royal over whether or not the prime minister will grant Scotland a second independence referendum.
The Northern Ireland economy grew in the second quarter of the year, according to the latest official figures.
It is one of the world's oldest rowing competitions and one of Scotland's biggest sporting events.
Nationwide has reported a fall in the amount of money it lends to buy-to-let landlords, following a "softening" of the mortgage market.
The Russian investigation into the downing of a Russian jet by Turkish fighters in Syria last month has begun examining the plane's flight data recorder.
Kent have signed batsman Sean Dickson as their overseas player for the 2016 season.
A three-year-old boy has suffered severe burns after stepping on a barbecue which had been dumped on a beach.
A senior Labour MP is to call for the party leader to campaign more actively for the UK to stay in the European Union.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a woman was stabbed in Lancashire.
Suspended Fifa president Sepp Blatter said he had "never lost his mind" as he made his first public comments since being found guilty of corruption.
A sculpture of a lighthouse has been installed at Walt Disney World in Florida after a boy was killed by an alligator last year.
Michael Gove has said he would have sacked Theresa May if he had been in her shoes after the EU referendum.
Scotland's top law officer has called for the UK to remain a "fully committed and active participant" in EU criminal justice systems.
A court in India has adjourned the trial of Bollywood star Salman Khan over a car crash in 2002 in which a man was killed.
Residents of a new garden city in Oxfordshire have said they wish they had not moved there because of poor broadband.
An Australian charity worker has said he is "really, really sorry" after being found guilty of helping so-called Islamic State (IS) militants.
The British Medical Association (BMA) has called on NHS England to allow GPs in England to spend more time with patients.
The number of new craft distilleries opening in Scotland and England is "explosive", according to a new report.
Wales could miss out on up to £50m a year in tax revenues if the Welsh Government's funding is cut, a think tank has claimed.
South Korea's President Park Guen-hye has promised to salvage the Sewol ferry, which capsized in April killing more than 300 people.
The wife of a man who was shot dead by police after he tied up his children has told an inquest he "wanted to end his life".
England's Tyrrell Hatton and Matthew Fitzpatrick share the lead going into the final round of the Arnold Palmer Invitational in Florida.
Plans to expand Luton Airport to 30 million passengers a year have been revealed by the airport's owner.
Public parks in the UK are being put at risk by a budget squeeze, a report by MPs has warned.
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi's use of social media during last year's general election has been hailed as a success.
A book borrowed from a Herefordshire school more than 100 years ago has been returned to the school after it was found to have a HCS stamp inside.
Hull City midfielder Lewis Clucas has signed a new three-year contract with the Premier League club.
A Sicilian woman has died after two foetuses were aborted while she was in intensive care at a hospital in Catania.
Pop group Duran Duran have filed a lawsuit against a fan club company they say has failed to pay them royalties.
Nick Kyrgios said he was "tired" and "bored" as he beat American Sam Querrey at the Shanghai Masters.
A man has been jailed for seven years for the rape of a woman in Manchester in 2002.
Work is under way to increase the capacity of Scotland's largest container terminal.
Gardeners in Northern Ireland are being urged to get rid of a "thug" plant that is out-competing bluebells.
US billionaire Stan Kroenke has ordered the removal of content from an app about hunting, after it was criticised for showing dead animals.
A man who sent "inappropriate" messages to a 12-year-old girl after meeting her at a house party has been jailed.
A 40-year-old man has been arrested by police investigating the rape of a woman in the Republic of Ireland.
The daughter of a man who died after getting into difficulty while trying to rescue his dog off the coast of Kent has paid tribute to her father.
A life sentence given to a man who stabbed another man in the chest has been quashed at the High Court in London.
Former Aberdeen and Rangers midfielder Jim Watson has joined the Scotland coaching set-up, following the departure of Martin McCall.
A team from the PSNI has been sent to Northern Ireland to help with the resettlement of Syrian refugees.
A Lancashire driving instructor has been jailed for causing the death of a woman by driving into on-coming traffic.
Dutchman Joachim Pauwels won the second stage of the Tour de Yorkshire on Sunday to claim his second victory in the race.
More than half of young people who identify as lesbian, gay, bisexual or transgender (LGBT) in Scotland have experienced a hate crime, according to a charity.
A 25-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a cyclist was hit by a car.
Brazilian football star Neymar has appeared in court in Spain to give evidence in a fraud case brought by a Brazilian investment fund.
A council has apologised after postal ballot papers for a general election constituency were sent to voters without listing the candidates.
Wales head coach Warren Gatland has paid tribute to Shane Williams for his "fantastic" World Cup try.
It's not every day you get an interview with one of the biggest names in British football and it doesn't always go down well.
The oil and gas company Ineos has accused the National Trust of blocking it from looking for shale gas in the Sherwood Forest.
Six men have been arrested after drugs with an estimated street value of more than £1m were seized in a series of raids.
Manchester City have completed the signing of England right-back Kyle Walker from Tottenham Hotspur for a fee of £50m.
An animal rescue charity has been called in after a raccoon escaped from a house and ended up on the roof of a shed.
A dog has been stolen in a break-in at a pet shop in the Isle of Man.
A Rwandan man who told party members to kill Tutsis and dump their bodies in the River Tete has been sentenced to 20 years in prison for genocide offences.
A vote for the UK to leave the European Union would make UK universities less attractive to international students, a survey suggests.
The father of a 14-year-old girl who was forced to marry a man she had sex with has been jailed for five years.
Serial, the award-winning podcast about the murder of a US teenager, is to be turned into a TV series.
Scotland's council tax is not fit for purpose and needs to be reformed, according to a new report.
Hundreds of hens have been put up for rehoming by a charity which said it could not save them on its own.
Hull FC have signed half-back Curtis Naughton on a one-year deal from Super League rivals Hull FC.
Human remains found in a lay-by have been identified as a man under the age of 50.
Former Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal says he will not return to coaching.
A variation of a gene linked to an increased risk of strokes and heart attacks has been identified by scientists in London.
Two men have appeared in court in Sydney, Australia, charged in connection with the murder of a police officer.
Google has announced that it will stop production of its Glass smart glasses next week.
A bomb has been found during a security alert in County Londonderry.
The African Union (AU) has passed a resolution calling for all African countries to withdraw from the International Criminal Court (ICC).
Saudi Arabia's King Salman has announced a major overhaul of the country's security apparatus.
One of Scotland's largest agricultural supply companies has reported a rise in profits.
US President Donald Trump has said special counsel Robert Mueller should step down from his inquiry into alleged Russian interference in the US election.
The High Court ruling that a father could not be prosecuted for taking his daughter on holiday during term time "caused a huge amount of confusion", a Labour MP has said.
Burundi's main opposition leader, Pierre Rwasa, has said his wife has been shot in the head in the capital Bujumbura.
The launch of 4G services in many parts of the UK could be delayed by up to six months.
Two men have been found guilty of encouraging support for the so-called Islamic State group.
Plans to increase the number of divisions in English football have been given the go-ahead.
The Scottish curry industry has accused the UK government of "total insanity" over rules which prevent non-EU chefs working in fast food outlets.
England captain Chris Robshaw said his side's discipline was "shocking" as they suffered a second-half collapse in their 24-21 defeat by France.
A batch of gin sold in Canada has been recalled after inspectors found it had an alcohol content that was higher than advertised.
Tributes have been paid to Dundee boxer Michael Powell who died after suffering a head injury during a fight.
German carmaker Daimler has said it will fix software in some of its Mercedes-Benz cars in an effort to cut pollution.
Scientists say they have developed a new type of cement that could be used to store nuclear waste in the future.
Pembroke beat Bready by nine wickets in the One-Day Cup while Coleraine beat Waringstown by eight wickets.
An amateur footballer has pleaded guilty to carrying a broken corkscrew after allegedly threatening to cut the throat of Clacton fans.
A group of US writers have said they will boycott a PEN awards ceremony in protest at the organisation's decision to give an award to Charlie Hebdo.
A cap on the amount the NHS in England spends on agency staff has so far saved £600m, the health regulator has said.
Up to 100 jobs are at risk at a glass factory in County Antrim, a union has said.
Poundland, the UK's third largest discount retailer, has bought goods from Woolworths three times in the past five years.
A man and two children have been taken to hospital after the car they were in crashed into a barrier.
A woman has been charged with murder following the death of a man in a flat in west Belfast.
The Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation has teamed up with the drug company Pfizer to introduce a new way of giving contraception in the developing world.
The Northern Ireland police ombudsman is to resume investigations into a number of historical cases, a report has found.
Police are investigating alleged match-fixing in the National Rugby League (NRL).
Gusts of up to 80mph (129km/h) were recorded in parts of Wales on Friday as the country was battered by high winds.
A Chinese army tank has crashed into a river, killing two soldiers and injuring four others, the army says.
Former Fifa ethics chief Michael Garcia has been found guilty of misconduct by a court in New York and sentenced to two years in prison.
Connacht missed out on a top-four finish in the Pro12 as they were beaten by the Ospreys at Kingspan Stadium.
Teenage racing driver Billy Gwynne was seriously injured when he crashed his car last year.
A Sunderland record shop that became a home for independent artists has closed its doors for the final time.
Luton Town have released five players after their League Two play-off defeat by Blackpool, but have offered new deals to Connor King, Luke Potts and Kavan Cotter.
Algeria have agreed a deal to sign French striker Karim Benzia from Lille on a three-year deal.
England will become a professional netball team for the first time in 2019, according to team captain Sophie Housby.
Voters in South Wales went to the polls on Thursday to elect their new police and crime commissioner.
A drug used to treat breast and ovarian cancer has been tested in humans for the first time, according to the University of Bristol.
Detectives searching for missing woman Joanna Yeates have released CCTV footage of her last known movements.
When The KLF made their debut in the 1970s, they were so successful that they were given a record deal worth more than £1m.
Marussia Formula 1 driver Maria Sharapova has been released from hospital after undergoing surgery to address serious head and facial injuries.
Firefighters have been tackling a blaze at a derelict Victorian building in Glasgow Harbour.
US President-elect Donald Trump has named South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley as his ambassador to the United Nations.
Taiwan has banned its civil servants from going to China for further education, state media report.
Burton Albion manager Nigel Clough says the prospect of playing in the top flight for the first time is "frightening" and "exciting".
Scottish soldiers are to be sent to Afghanistan for the first time since the last British combat troops left the country last year.
In the early 2000s, singer-songwriter Sinead O'Connor didn't have a single to her name.
Willian scored twice as Chelsea beat Manchester City to move eight points clear at the top of the Premier League.
Former British middleweight champion Jamie Wilkins has been banned from boxing for two years for sparring with a man who later had surgery on his brain.
The son of a Liverpool fan killed in the Hillsborough disaster tried to find his mother after the disaster, the inquests have heard.
A robot designed by an Edinburgh student is to be part of the line-up at this year's XpoNorth festival.
League Two side Cambridge United will host Manchester United in the fourth round of the FA Cup.
Manny Smith, Chris Hogan and Michael Mafuta have all been given new deals by National League North side Gateshead.
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola has no new injury worries ahead of Sunday's Premier League game against Liverpool.
Barrow manager Kevin Cox has left the National League club after less than two years in charge.
A man died after being stung by a bee, a coroner has heard.
Torquay twice came from behind to secure a 2-2 draw at Bristol Rovers in the National League.
Nigeria's Boko Haram militants abducted more than 200 schoolgirls from the north-eastern town of Chibok in April 2014, including the Reverend Mark Nwaubani and his two adopted daughters Monica and Sarah.
Russia's lower house of parliament has voted in favour of a bill that would decriminalise the physical abuse of children by parents.
The Mau Mau uprising began in Kenya in 1952, when a small group of nationalists rose up against British rule in the country.
Ross County centre Andrew Davies has signed a new two-year contract with the Premiership club.
Prince Harry has been photographed sitting on a crocodile during a conservation mission in Australia's Northern Territory.
South Africa umpire Paul Reiffel has been ruled out of the second Test against India in Mumbai after suffering a concussion.
Nissan's chief executive has defended the company's decision to sponsor the Rio Olympics, saying it was the right decision.
Thousands of native crayfish have been re-introduced to Wales for the first time in more than 30 years.
More than 100 people were evacuated from the O2 Arena after a fire broke out in a McDonald's restaurant.
Oscar-winning film 12 Years a Slave is set to take the top spot at the North American box office in its first weekend of release.
The US state of New York is to launch an investigation into why "inky water" appeared at the base of Niagara Falls last year.
Dundee striker Ryan O'Dea says it would be "virtually impossible" to replace the goals scored by team-mates Scott Stewart and Ryan Hemmings.
The 2016 Winter Youth Olympics are under way in Norway, with more than 70 gold medals up for grabs.
A fourth UKIP councillor has defected from the party to join an independent group at a Kent council.
The exams regulator, Ofqual, has been accused of being "too lenient" in the way it graded this year's GCSEs.
At least 12 people have been killed in an air strike by the Saudi-led coalition fighting in Yemen, officials and residents say.
It is the Feast of the Nativity in Bethlehem, the holiest place in the Christian calendar.
North Wales Police has been rated as "requires improvement" by the police watchdog.
Actor Leonardo DiCaprio has paid tribute to his make-up artist during his acceptance speech at the Golden Globes.
An anonymous donor has paid for the treatment of a five-year-old boy with leukaemia, his mother has said.
Air France-KLM and 10 other airlines have lost their appeal against fines imposed by the European Commission for allegedly violating anti-monopoly rules.
Bournemouth striker Joshua King says the club will not take their foot off the gas despite being assured of their Premier League status.
Thousands of people are being evacuated from rebel-held areas of the Syrian city of Aleppo as part of a UN-brokered deal to end the conflict.
What was it like to be in Havana when the US and Cuba agreed to restore diplomatic relations?
French Ligue 1 side Marseille have been taken over by American businessman Frank McCourt.
Astronaut Thomas Pesquet has posted a series of stunning photos of Europe from space, including one showing the Northern Lights above Belgium.
A Ukrainian mother has been arrested on suspicion of abandoning her two young children, one of whom died and the other is in intensive care.
Championship side Cheltenham Town have signed Southampton midfielder Callum McQueen on loan until the end of the season.
Highways England is considering a southern bypass around Stonehenge as part of a £1.4bn scheme to upgrade the A303.
In 2010, Saracens captain Alex Borthwick was given an ultimatum by his club.
Myanmar's security forces have killed and raped hundreds of members of the Rohingya Muslim minority, the UN says.
Schools and homes have been closed after a water main burst in a city centre.
Guernsey boss Gary Vance says his side's FA Cup tie against League Two side Plymouth Argyle was "a game we could have done without".
Athletics has a problem with "four, five or six" nations, says World Anti-Doping Agency chief Mark Warner.
The government should not "stand on the sidelines" undermining its Prevent strategy, an MP has said, following the death of a London teenager.
Emmerdale fans are to be able to tour the soap's set for the first time, following the success of tours of Coronation Street.
Teachers at a Catholic school in County Londonderry have called in sick for the second day running.
Cesare Girolamo's vineyard in Sicily is one of the most expensive in the world, and his business is under threat from what he describes as the rural Mafia.
The BBC is trialling an app that allows people to control iPlayer and other devices using their minds.
An augmented reality experience is to be offered at this year's HebCelt music festival.
Northern Ireland's four-time Olympic track cycling medallist Elinor Houvenaghel has retired from the sport.
Wimbledon will play on the middle Sunday of the tournament for the first time since 2005, organisers have announced.
Police in Sicily have arrested 15 people accused of defrauding the fire service out of thousands of euros by pretending to be firefighters.
The number of sexual offences against children in England and Wales has risen by more than 8,000 in the past year, the NSPCC has said.
A tip-off that laptops could be used to smuggle explosives on to planes has led to a ban on laptops in cabin baggage, US media report.
North Korea has claimed to have miniaturised a nuclear device to fit on a car, South Korea has said.
Ukrainian and pro-Russian rebels in the east of the country have taken part in a minute's silence to mark the end of a month of fighting.
Richard Keogh scored the only goal of the game as Derby beat Grimsby in their first game back in the Championship.
An Arizona woman who was sentenced to life in prison in 1990 for the murder of her four-year-old son has lost a bid for a retrial.
The East Midlands Ambulance Service (EMAS) has been told it must improve after inspectors found a "lack of staff and resources to meet the need".
Huddersfield Town maintained their 100% start to the Championship season thanks to a second-half strike from Australia international Aaron Mooy.
A BBC journalist has claimed she was subjected to a "campaign of harassment and intimidation" by the corporation.
More than 80 homes were left without power after a large fire broke out at a house in Glasgow city centre.
The search for a group of mountaineers who went missing on Mount Rainier in Washington state has been suspended.
Matt Weatherson scored twice as Dundee United eased to victory over Queen of the South in the Scottish Cup.
The British and Irish Lions' hopes of winning the three-Test series against Australia were dealt a blow as Australia snatched a dramatic late win in Melbourne.
The ousted chairman of India's Tata Group has launched a blistering attack on the company's board, accusing it of "dishonest" behaviour.
Frenchmen Nicolas Mahut and Pierre-Hugues Herbert hope the ATP World Tour Finals will pay tribute to the victims of last month's Paris attacks.
Wigan Warriors have been fined £10,000 for staging a pre-season friendly against Widnes Vikings at the Halliwell Jones Stadium in 2014.
Manchester United striker Anthony Martial has "amazing conditions to be a top player", says manager Jose Mourinho, despite speculation linking him with a move away.
Former Republican presidential candidate Mike Huckabee has announced he is running for the White House in 2016.
Juan Mata was the star of the show as Chelsea beat Sunderland for the second time this season to reach the FA Cup quarter-finals.
North Korean leader Kim Jong-un has said his country's recent tests of a long-range ballistic missile were a "declaration of war on the US".
(Close): The FTSE 100 ended the day higher after Standard Chartered said it would raise $1.5bn (Â£1.1bn) by issuing new shares in the US.
A man accused of murdering his wife at a care home in Cambridgeshire has died in hospital.
The number of Bengal tigers in Bangladesh's Sunderbans region has fallen to its lowest level in 10 years, officials say.
Manchester City striker Gabriel Jesus has been ruled out for the rest of the season after injuring his metatarsal in Saturday's 1-0 defeat at Vitality Stadium.
Five members of the board of Sport NI have resigned amid "serious allegations" about the organisation's culture.
A security firm says it has found a way to keep vulnerable routers and other smart devices safe from cyber-attacks.
At least six people were injured when rival fans clashed in Germany's Bundesliga, in what police described as a hate crime.
A major road in Powys has reopened after being closed for several hours due to a crash.
Mexico's Foreign Minister Luis Videgaray has resigned, following the controversial visit by US presidential candidate Donald Trump in September.
The battle for the Iraqi city of Tal Afar is taking place at the same time as the battle for Mosul, the country's second largest city.
Substitute Adam Novak scored a stoppage-time equaliser as Charlton twice came from behind to draw at Fleetwood.
Portsmouth Supporters' Trust (PST) chairman David Brown has urged fans to give the club's new owner a chance.
Footage has been released of a turtle being filmed on the Great Barrier Reef in Queensland, Australia.
Kyle Wootton's late equaliser rescued a point for Scunthorpe against Port Vale.
Peter Revell and Ryan Varney scored late goals as Ipswich beat MK Dons to end the Dons' unbeaten start to the League One season.
Former Fifa world player of the year George Weah has been re-elected to Liberia's senate in a vote overshadowed by Ebola fears.
England's Tommy Fleetwood lost to Bernd Wiesberger in a play-off at the WGC-HSBC Champions event in Shanghai.
England defender Mandy van den Berg has signed a new contract with Women's Super League One side Coventry City Ladies.
Torquay United have signed Barrow defender Myles Anderson and Port Vale striker Ruairi Keating.
Thousands of bonfire pallets have been dumped in a car park in Belfast city centre.
A new Oxford Dictionary of Roald Dahl's words has been published, featuring more than 1,000 of the author's creations.
First Minister Carwyn Jones has said he is "delighted" TVR is to build its next generation of cars in Ebbw Vale.
Lewis Hamilton admitted he was "all over the place" as he fought back from 10th to finish sixth in the Hungarian Grand Prix.
(Close): The FTSE 100 opened higher, with Royal Mail and RBS leading the way after the regulator said it would not impose new price controls.
Portadown have been given a one-match ban for failing to tell the Irish Football Association that David Garrett was eligible to play in their Premiership defeat by Ards on Saturday.
A light aircraft has crashed in a field in Stoke-on-Trent.
A woman who stole more than £20,000 from a former football club has been jailed for two years.
Astronomers say they have identified more than half a dozen massive stars in a tiny region of the Milky Way.
Roma will temporarily close part of their Stadio Olimpico home for one game next season after fans sang racist songs about Mario Balotelli.
Plymouth moved back to the top of League Two as goals from Tom Threlkeld and Craig Tanner saw off Crawley.
Discovery Communications has agreed to buy US media group Scripps Networks in a deal worth $14.6bn (Â£10.4bn).
QPR have denied reports that Steven Caulker suffered a head injury during a Sunday lunch with his team-mates.
US singer Barbra Streisand has said she will allow Apple's Siri virtual assistant to change the pronunciation of her name.
Riot police in Egypt have used tear gas and water cannon to break up a protest in Cairo after a man was shot dead by a policeman.
The former chief executive of one of the world's biggest pharmaceutical companies has defended his company's decision to increase the price of a life-saving drug by 5,000%.
Derby County midfielder Matt Martin says he feels "a lot lighter" after scoring his first goal of the season.
An Air France flight from Paris to Vancouver was diverted to Glasgow after a "slight smell of burning on board", the airline has said.
More than half of five-year-old children in Wales have decay in their primary teeth, according to the latest Welsh government dental survey.
The Ulster Bank has said the strong performance of Northern Ireland's manufacturing and retail sectors has been boosted by the weaker pound.
The St Michael's development in Manchester has been given the go-ahead by the city's mayor, Sadiq Khan, and former footballer Phil Neville.
A motorcyclist has been killed in a collision with a car in South Yorkshire.
Carrick Rangers have appointed former Crusaders and Shelbourne defender Kevin Callaghan as their new manager on a two-year contract.
A man who shook a one-month-old baby so hard in his care that he suffered serious injuries has been jailed for four years.
Britain's Kyle Edmund beat Spain's Feliciano Garcia-Lopez in straight sets to reach the second round of the China Open.
Police investigating the disappearance of a schoolgirl in Leicestershire have said they are treating her disappearance as murder.
Dagenham & Redbridge's National League play-off hopes suffered a major blow as they were beaten 3-0 at Chester.
Boreham Wood has signed a new two-year deal with the National League club, following his release by Plymouth Argyle.
There has been a "serious democratic deficit" in local elections in England, according to the Electoral Commission.
Wales scrum-half Matthew Morgan has signed a two-year deal with Championship side Cardiff Blues.
Crawley Town's Conor Henderson has signed a new one-year contract with the League Two club.
Stoke City manager Mark Hughes has dismissed reports linking Peter Crouch with a move to West Bromwich Albion.
One of Andy Warhol's iconic portraits of Mao Zedong is to be auctioned in Hong Kong next month.
Plans to build a house in the shape of a flower have been given the go-ahead by Bolton Council.
Channing Tatum is to reprise his role as a mermaid in a remake of the 1999 Oscar-nominated film The mermaid story.
Sculptures of moths have been unveiled in Hull to mark the 75th anniversary of the death of aviator Amy Johnson.
The chancellor has said he could "reset" the government's fiscal policy in the Autumn Statement.
The organisers of the Durham version of a world-famous light festival are to stage a similar event in London next year.
Ireland fought back from 2-0 down to beat Germany 3-2 in the World League semi-final in Dublin.
A council has won its Supreme Court battle against a father who took his daughter on a term-time trip to Disneyland.
The parents of a schoolgirl who was seriously injured when she was hit by a motorbike have said they are "devastated" by her injuries.
A US soldier who fought in Afghanistan in 2009 has been awarded the Medal of Honor for bravery.
A group campaigning for the UK to leave the European Union has called for the introduction of a points-based system to control immigration.
An investigation is under way after a large fire broke out at an FA Cup final stadium in central London.
Great Britain's Seonaid McIntosh won her second gold medal of the Rio Olympics as Great Britain won team gold.
Bank of England governor Mark Carney has said he is "absolutely serene" about the Bank's preparations for the Brexit vote.
Olympic skeleton champion Lizzy Yarnold has become the first British woman to win a gold medal at the Winter Games.
Welsh boxer Nicola Adams will make her professional debut at the Manchester Arena on Saturday when she takes on Mexico's Ismael Salazar in a super-fight.
Olympic gold medallist Richard Heath won his first World Cup race since the Rio Games with victory in the K2 200m.
Isle of Man's Ellan Vannin have won the ConIFA European Football Cup for the first time in their history.
The final boat has been built at the last dry dockyard in the UK to be run by a private company.
Too many older people are being "institutionalised" in care homes, according to a report.
The government is to increase the discount offered on social housing in England and Wales, the BBC has learned.
The number of people diagnosed with syphilis in London has more than doubled in the past five years, figures show.
A 23-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the death of another man in South Lanarkshire.
League Two side Portsmouth have signed former Notts County and Belgium Under-21 midfielder Emmanuel Agyemang-Badu on a two-year deal.
Nottingham Forest caretaker boss Gary Brazil says he is not aware of where the club are in their search for a new manager.
A charity in Australia has asked the public to sew tiny mittens to help koalas that have been injured in bushfires.
More than a third of babies born with a cleft lip or palate in the UK last year did not get a diagnosis within 24 hours, according to a report.
Three striking primary school cleaners who went on strike over their pay have been sacked, the Guardian reports.
York City have re-signed striker Chris Parkin on loan from Macclesfield Town until the end of the season.
Jeremy Corbyn has set out his plans to improve bus services in England in his final speech before the general election.
There is no need for a one-size-fits-all diet, according to a study of more than 7,000 overweight people.
A construction worker has been found guilty of the manslaughter of a woman who was crushed when three window frames fell on top of her.
England international Jess Nobbs has signed a new contract with Women's Super League One champions Arsenal Ladies.
Wigan Warriors head coach Shaun Wane says Super League should be "patted on the back" after his side beat Cronulla Sharks to win the World Club Challenge.
The disappearance of Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 could soon be tracked by satellites, the UN has said.
China has admitted for the first time that it allows the illegal trade in tiger skins, according to sources at a wildlife convention.
Growth in the UK economy is set to slow sharply in 2017 and 2018, according to a new report.
A Flintshire man has admitted making threats to kill himself and police officers in the US.
Flights between Inverness and Amsterdam have been extended for the second time in a year.
Tommy Seymour scored a hat-trick of tries as Glasgow Warriors came from behind to beat Leinster at Scotstoun.
A consultation is under way on whether a Gwynedd airfield should be considered for a UK spaceport.
Arcade Fire have closed the Coachella music festival in California, after a lightning strike forced the closure of the main stage.
The England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB) has announced that the Women's World Twenty20 will take place in 2017.
Nigeria's militant Islamist group Boko Haram has killed at least 11 people in an ambush on a convoy carrying abducted academics, a university has said.
Irish actor and director Daithí Lally has died in Dublin at the age of 69.
Sam Robson hit his highest first-class score of the season as Middlesex took control against Warwickshire on day two at Edgbaston.
The worst coral bleaching in the world since the Great Barrier Reef was recorded in 2016 has been recorded in China, according to scientists.
Stock markets in Europe and the US have fallen sharply after Cyprus struck a deal with its creditors to secure a bailout of up to €100bn (£77bn).
A man with terminal bowel cancer has reached the summit of Mount Everest for the first time.
Volunteers have threatened to move out of a church hall in Gwynedd because of a rise in the cost of renting it.
Tributes have been paid to three members of the same family who died in the Tunisia terror attack.
Pupils in Wales need more challenging science lessons, according to the education watchdog Estyn.
Muslims in the US have offered to stand guard at Jewish and other religious sites in the wake of recent bomb threats.
Two brothers who carried out a "merciless, relentless and savage attack" on a Kilmarnock drug dealer have been jailed.
Elvis Presley has returned to the stage for the first time since cancelling shows in Manchester and Denmark last week.
Brentford manager Mark Warburton will leave the club at the end of the season, the club have confirmed.
A former aide to French President Nicolas Sarkozy has said his party, the UMP, ordered fake invoices to cover up millions of euros of overspending.
US President Barack Obama has visited Cuba for the first time since he was elected in 2008.
A fire which broke out on a ferry has been put out by the crew, operator Wightlink has said.
Two men have been jailed for conspiring to pervert the course of justice over the death of a man who was hit by a car and killed in Dubai.
Deodorant firm Nivea has apologised after an advert for one of its products was widely shared on social media by far-right users.
Cambridge United secured their place in the League Two play-offs with victory over Exeter City.
Sale Sharks have signed former Wales international Mike Phillips from French Top 14 side Racing 92 for the 2016-17 season.
Scientists in the UK are trying to map the rate at which the Earth's tectonic plates are changing.
Here is the full text of David Cameron's statement on becoming prime minister after the general election.
South Africa beat England by seven wickets in a rain-affected match in Cape Town to level the three-match series at 1-1.
UKIP Wales leader Nathan Gill has been accused by the leader of his party's AMs' group of not being fully committed to the Senedd.
An Easyjet flight was forced to make an emergency landing in the Netherlands because of a "chemical smell", the airline has said.
The apprenticeship system in England is not fit for purpose and should be reformed, according to a report.
Plans for a £50m hydro-electric scheme in Snowdonia have been withdrawn.
A gang who dealt in "industrial quantities" of heroin in Wales have been jailed for a total of 18 years.
Ajax midfielder Abdelhak Sow has suffered "catastrophic" brain damage after a pre-season match in Germany was abandoned on Saturday, the Dutch club say.
Sir William Ewart Gladstone, the father of the modern welfare state, has spoken about his vision for the state in the early 1970s.
Gianluigi Buffon has criticised the use of video assistant referees (VAR) in Serie A.
A financial services firm has announced plans to create up to 500 new jobs in Worcestershire.
David Cameron "deserves" a role commensurate with his talents, a senior Conservative MP has said.
Girls Aloud stars Kimberley Walsh and Alfie Boe are to sing One Vision for Team GB at the London 2012 Olympics.
Russian fans of Western pop culture are increasingly using social media to promote their own brands and products.
Neil Lennon's decision to become Hibernian's new manager was not based on a desire to be a manager in the Premier League.
Cameroon defender Stephane Chedjou has joined Istanbul Basaksehir on a two-year deal.
Livingston and its surrounding towns and villages will be one of the key battlegrounds in May's Holyrood election.
The Home Office has been urged to spell out where it draws the line over what it calls "equipment interference" in its Investigatory Powers Bill.
Myanmar's government has signed a deal with more than 30 ethnic armed groups to end more than 70 years of conflict.
Venezuela's military says it has shot down two unauthorised planes in the air in the past 24 hours.
Mental health services for pregnant women and their babies are to receive £1.5m in funding from the Welsh government.
The US has fined a Chinese tech firm more than $1bn (Â£700m) after accusing it of violating trade rules.
The number of sexual abuse allegations against UN peacekeepers rose by more than a third last year, according to a new report by the UN human rights agency.
A man has admitted stabbing his wife to death at their home in May.
France will keep troops in Mali for "as long as it takes", the country's defence minister has said.
US President Barack Obama and Chinese President Xi Jinping have signed a deal aimed at curbing China's alleged cybercrimes.
Flooding in Warwickshire has forced schools to close and caused disruption to rail services.
A swan has been rescued after getting stuck on the roof of a shop in Bristol.
Theresa May has been accused by the Liberal Democrats of backing a "UKIP-style version of Brexit" which will damage the NHS.
Celtic extended their lead at the top of the Scottish Premiership to seven points with a comfortable victory over Inverness Caledonian Thistle.
Harry Shearer has pulled out of the US animated sitcom Homer Simpson, the show's producers have confirmed.
Plans to scrap grants for student nurses in England and Wales have been criticised by the Royal College of Nursing.
Two of Australia's most elusive and elusive reptiles have put a halt to a major mining project in Queensland.
Three-time Olympic gold medallist Venus Richards-Ross says she has been "healed" by the support she has received after revealing she had an abortion.
Brexit Secretary David Davis has said that the issue of the Irish border should not be "separated" from negotiations on the UK's departure from the EU.
The SNP will be holding its spring conference in Aberdeen later this month.
British talent should be encouraged to stay in the country rather than "slip through the net", US actress Julianna Jumbo has said.
The government's plans for more selective schools in England may fail to improve social mobility, a report says.
Wales and Cardiff Blues scrum-half Gareth Anscombe says he is "angry at his body" for a series of injuries.
When I first arrived at San Francisco’s Moscone Centre in 1991, I found myself in the middle of a BBC Ten O’Clock News story.
A £500m science and technology complex has been officially opened in Newcastle city centre.
Yorkshire Diamonds have appointed ex-Essex and Leeds Rhinos coach Paul Grayson as their new head coach for the 2017 Super League season.
Bristol Rovers have re-signed defender Ryan Sweeney and midfielder Dominic Telford on loan from Stoke City until the end of the season.
The UK's inflation rate turned positive for the first time in more than 50 years in May, official figures have shown.
Plaid Cymru's leader in the assembly has said it is "very unlikely" Wales will have tax sharing powers before 2021.
Former British champion Hannah Graddon has announced her retirement from diving ahead of the 2016 Rio Olympics.
At least 16 people have been injured in a collision between two trains in the US state of California, officials say.
The Pirate Bay, one of the world's most popular file-sharing websites, has been taken offline for the first time since 2006.
Previews and team news for the weekend's Premier League games, as Everton host Bournemouth and Newcastle travel to Crystal Palace.
Global temperatures are set to rise by more than 1.5C (2.7F) over the next century, according to scientists.
RSPCA Cymru has reported a rise in the number of convictions for animal welfare offences.
A man has been jailed for hiding his girlfriend's body after she was found dead.
Ballymena United manager Ian Mulgrew says his side will have to be on top of their game when they host Ards in the Premiership on Tuesday night.
What do we know for sure about the health of the UK's banks?
Glamorgan all-rounder Colin Ingram says he wants to play as much cricket as he can in 2017.
Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel and Red Bull's Kimi Raikkonen were not involved in final practice at the Hungarian Grand Prix as Lewis Hamilton took pole position.
A Fifa official banned from football for two years over his role in the awarding of the 2018 and 2022 World Cups has served his suspension.
An elderly man has died in a fire at a house in the Elgin area of Glasgow.
A collection of photographs taken during the 1970s Rock Against Racism movement has gone on show in Leeds.
Sunderland's new signing Michael Vaughan says the Championship side need to be mentally tough if they are to succeed this season.
The decision by President Donald Trump to pull the US out of the Paris climate agreement was a personal setback for Rex Tillerson.
Barcelona defender Gerard Pique says his side are "not in the best moment" after losing to Real Madrid in the last 16 of the Copa del Rey.
Boris Johnson has said he is "disappointed" that two rival Eurosceptic groups are set to compete for the right to run the EU referendum campaign.
A group of Muslim clerics in Mauritania has called for the death penalty to be imposed on a blogger convicted of insulting the Prophet Muhammad.
A Dundee firm has been found guilty of health and safety breaches after a worker died from inhaling paint stripper fumes.
The UK's fifth nuclear-powered submarine has been launched at a ceremony in Cumbria.
Wales captain Joe Ledley says he is "hopeful" manager Coleman will sign a new contract.
Security researchers say they have found flaws in a tracking system used by some of the world's biggest companies.
Actress Joan Collins has said she would "never take an honour from the monarch" after being arrested at a protest.
A nest of Egyptian geese has been discovered in a box 20ft (6m) above the ground at a nature reserve.
Wales striker Sam Vokes has signed a new four-year contract with Burnley.
Surrey batsman Rory Burns hit the second-highest score of his career in a draw with Hampshire at The Oval.
Landlords of Southern Cross care homes have agreed in principle to make "significant financial concessions" in a bid to save the firm, the BBC has learned.
The number of cancer patients in England being treated within 62 days of being diagnosed has fallen for the second quarter in a row.
More than half of the world's common species of plants and animals could be wiped out by climate change, according to a new study.
Gatwick Airport has reported record passenger numbers for the 12 months to the end of August, with an increase in revenue of more than 20% to £1.1bn.
A former economy chief councillor has been accused of misconduct in a report into the sale of council-owned land in Essex.
Premier League clubs have agreed to donate £250,000 to the victims of the Grenfell Tower fire as part of the Community Shield.
Aleppo, the Syrian city held by rebels for more than four years, has been hit by a series of air strikes by government forces, activists say.
A jury has retired to consider its verdict in the trial of an NHS trust over the death of a man in a lifting hoist at a Lincolnshire hospital.
The Archbishop of Canterbury, Rowan Williams, has welcomed a reduction in the number of religious education subjects in schools in England.
Two dogs have died in a house fire in Londonderry that was started accidentally by an oil tank.
Plans for an elected mayor to run all services in Oxfordshire have been backed by the county council.
Barnsley have signed defender Angus MacDonald from Torquay United on a two-year deal.
The Co-operative Group has reported a pre-tax loss of Â£1.5bn for the first half of 2015.
The Royal Navy has stepped up its search and rescue operations off the coast of the UK.
A rocket carrying food and experiments for the International Space Station has exploded shortly after launch from the Virginia coast.
A woman has appeared in court accused of making a "threatening gesture" at BBC Radio Two presenter Jeremy Vine.
Scientists have pieced together a detailed account of the moment the asteroid that wiped out the dinosaurs hit Earth.
South Africa's deputy education minister has resigned after being charged with assaulting a woman at a party.
Michael McKee and Sean O'Donoghue both scored twice as Ireland beat Poland 4-1 to reach the semi-finals of the World League 3 in Belfast.
The number of seahorses in Bristol Bay has plummeted in recent years, according to the Royal Yachting Association.
Tributes have been paid to the Indian artist Kailash Chand, who created a rock garden in the northern city of Chandigarh using rubble from the city's construction, after his death.
British Cycling's former boss Sir Dave Brailsford says he does not believe claims of bullying at the organisation.
The Department of Health has published draft guidelines on abortion in Northern Ireland, which include a recommendation that a psychiatrist should be involved in cases where a mental health assessment is required.
With so much hype over world sporting events such as the Olympics or the World Cup, most people will want to watch.
Zinedine Zidane has been given a two-year suspended ban for failing to pass a coaching exam.
A new road has opened to traffic in Taunton after months of delays and cost overruns.
James Maddison is one of the best players in League One, according to Peterborough United manager Grant McCann.
The closure of police control rooms in Aberdeen and Inverness has been delayed again as part of a programme to reorganise the force.
Sweden captain Zlatan Ibrahimovic has retired from international football after his side were knocked out of the Euro 2016 play-offs.
The prosecutor's office in Burundi has said it has found the killers of a senior army officer who was shot dead in the capital last week.
Modern Family star Sofia Vergara has been named the world's highest-paid actress for the second year running, according to Forbes magazine.
Survivors of Nepal's devastating earthquake have expressed anger at the lack of help from the government and aid agencies.
Cuba has accused US President Donald Trump of returning to "old and hostile rhetoric" in response to his policy change on the island.
David Tennant has admitted he "ch chickened out" at the last second of writing a line about the Daily Mail's "Legs-it" front page.
The US Secret Service needs a "top-to-bottom reassessment" of the way it protects the White House, according to a government review.
Gibraltar is in talks with Scotland about joining the European Union after the UK leaves the bloc.
Arriva Trains Wales drivers are to stage a second strike in less than a year, the Aslef union has announced.
Paraguay's President Horacio Cartes has announced he will not run for re-election in 2016.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel is due to meet her Russian counterpart Vladimir Putin for the first time since the annexation of Crimea.
The so-called Islamic State (IS) has been driven out of the Syrian town of al-Rai after a fierce battle with rebels, activists say.
World number one Ronnie O'Sullivan beat Barry Hawkins 10-1 in the final of the World Championship at Alexandra Palace in London.
The first minister has said he does not know what the NHS in Wales would look like by 2020 if the Conservatives win the 2015 assembly election.
A charity is launching an awareness campaign to help people identify stalking behaviour before ex-partners become violent.
China is set to account for more than a quarter of the world's young graduates by 2020, according to a new report.
Banks, building societies and post offices in England and Wales are to be trained in how to spot a cash fraud.
Ealing Central and Acton is one of the most marginal seats in London, where Labour is hoping to take the seat back from the Conservatives.
Five Welsh rugby players have taken part in recycling collections in their home town of Ospreylian.
Passengers at Belfast International Airport were kept on planes for hours on Tuesday because of high winds at the airport.
West Ham have agreed a deal to sign Mexico striker Javier Hernandez from Bayer Leverkusen for an undisclosed fee.
You might not associate academic analysis with raucous outdoor performances or atmospheric indoor shows under candlelight.
Swansea City Council has said it is "open to the option" of expanding the Liberty Stadium.
Former Manchester United defender Rio Ferdinand has been charged with misconduct by the Football Association after his side's 1-0 defeat by Tottenham at Loftus Road.
Scarlets captain Alun Wyn Barclay says his side have the potential to emulate Glasgow Warriors and win the Pro12 title.
Families of those killed on Bloody Sunday have welcomed the arrest of a former soldier.
A Chinese teenager who tried to smuggle himself on to a plane bound for Dubai has been arrested, Chinese media report.
A former culture secretary has said it would be a "huge risk" to decriminalise non-payment of the TV licence fee.
A new waste-fired power station is to be built on the site of the Ferrybridge 'B' plant, it has been announced.
The 70th anniversary of the Battle of Britain has been marked with a commemoration of the first black men to fight in World War Two.
England manager Sam Allardyce says it was a "great shame" that Great Britain's women's football team were not allowed to compete at the Rio Olympics.
A project to boost the numbers of a rare bird in the Peak District has been hailed as a success.
Joanne Lamont's resignation as leader of the Scottish Labour Party has been met with anger in the party.
Shares in ARM Holdings have jumped by more than 45% after Japan's Softbank said it would buy the UK chipmaker for £18.5bn.
Edinburgh City progressed to the second round of the Scottish Cup with a 4-2 aggregate win over Cove Rangers.
More than one in eight workers in England, Wales and Northern Ireland is too ill to work before they even get to state pension age, according to the TUC.
An NHS trust has launched an investigation into fire safety at a hospital built by the Swedish firm Skanska.
A man has been charged in connection with a bomb attack on a police station in County Tyrone more than 20 years ago.
Royal Mail has released a new set of stamps to mark the 350th anniversary of the Great Fire of London.
Hundreds of thousands of customers of Carphone Warehouse may have had their personal data stolen in a cyber-attack, the firm has said.
A Pilates class has been held on the Isle of Man to celebrate the work of an interned man who developed the technique while in a concentration camp.
Jurors in the Liam Fee murder trial have been shown a video of the toddler's bedroom as part of their trial.
NHS trusts in England are expected to overspend their budgets by more than £3bn this year, according to the latest figures.
A ban on in-work benefits for some eastern European migrants could encourage more people to move to the UK, David Cameron has said.
Former Tour de France winner Greg LeMond says Lance Armstrong should not be allowed to return to the sport.
Malaysia has denied allegations by Switzerland that billions of dollars may have been stolen from its state-owned companies.
Derry City and Strabane District Council was at the centre of a row over the use of the word 'Derry' in official letters in the 1980s.
Actor Tony Valentine, best known for his roles in Colditz and Raffles, has died at the age of 83.
Mad Max: Fury Road has topped the North American box office for the first time, taking more than $100m (Â£70m).
Microsoft has revealed details of its next-generation console, codenamed Scorpio, which it says will be more powerful than Sony's PS4 Pro.
A UKIP general election candidate has resigned after posting on Facebook about US President Barack Obama and Adolf Eichmann.
One of the biggest children's books of the year is The Roald Dahl books, which have been translated into more than 40 languages.
Pret A Manger has said it will pay teenagers who take part in an unpaid work experience week.
Torquay United manager Kevin Nicholson has told the National League club's new owners they have "technically saved" the club.
KJ Orr has been named the winner of this year's Women's Hour Short Story Prize for her debut story Disappearances.
A team of scientists has arrived in Egypt to investigate a series of shark attacks in the Red Sea in recent weeks.
A nine-year-old girl is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in Dundee.
Hundreds of people have attended a rally in Edinburgh in support of those affected by the earthquake in Nepal.
Hundreds of farmers have taken part in a rally at Holyrood.
Alastair Cook has been the subject of a lot of criticism over the past few months.
The former head of British forces in Afghanistan has said it is "absolutely critical" the international community continues to support the country, despite recent attacks.
What do you do if you are struck by lightning?
Lotus has been given more time to complete its takeover by Renault, after HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC) was granted an adjournment.
Northamptonshire and Sussex were forced to settle for a draw after rain washed out the final day of their match at Hove.
England captain Sean O'Loughlin says Wayne Bennett's appointment as head coach of the Four Nations is a "great move" for the game.
Chelsea Ladies opened their Women's Super League One Spring Series campaign with a 6-1 win over Yeovil Town, while Sunderland drew 1-1 with Arsenal.
A man was sexually abused by a member of staff at a Jersey care home in the 1960s, an inquiry has heard.
A County Tyrone woman who was shot in the head while on holiday in Africa has said she wants to help free a man who has been wrongly accused.
Fiji rugby legend Viliame Matavesi senior has been honoured with a special match in his home town of Hayle.
A man and woman have been found dead at a house in Kilmarnock.
An 18-year-old man from Lancashire has appeared in court charged with preparing terrorist acts.
Staff at fixed Odds Betting Terminals (FOBTs) in the UK were told to treat customers like "gods", the BBC has learned.
National League side Grimsby Town have signed former York City and Aldershot Town midfielder Joe Straker on a one-month loan deal.
A property in Carmarthenshire has been searched as part of the investigation into the Westminster terror attack.
Thailand's prime minister, Prayuth Chan-ocha, has visited the scene of the attack on the main shrine in the capital, Bangkok, where two people have been killed.
A Staffordshire Police officer has been jailed for six years for sexually assaulting a woman in her own home.
Boris Johnson has been accused of breaking the law by giving his wife a "backie" while riding on his bike.
Police in Northern Ireland have said they are investigating a spate of cases of women being tricked into performing sex acts online and then blackmailed for money.
Prime Minister David Cameron has been back on BBC Radio 4's Today programme to talk about the state of the UK's finances.
A rare sea turtle that was found "comatose" on an Anglesey beach has been moved to a larger tank at a zoo.
Nicky Oztumer scored twice as Walsall beat Swindon 2-0 to move to within a point of the League One play-offs.
Cameras in three Denbighshire towns are to be moved to Cheshire in a bid to cut crime.
South Sudan beat Malawi 2-0 in the second leg of their African Nations Championship (CHAN) qualifier in Blantyre on Saturday to reach the next round.
Iran's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei has said the nuclear deal with the US will not change his country's policy towards the US.
A dean at the University of Pennsylvania has resigned in protest at a new Texas law that allows universities to allow guns on campus.
David Woolfe has been excluded from the ballot for the leadership of the Labour Party, the party has confirmed.
League One side Walsall have signed Crewe Alexandra midfielder Jonny Howson on a two-year contract.
A Dumfries and Galloway teacher has been struck off the register after admitting downloading more than 1,000 indecent images of children.
A firearms instructor who liked "highly offensive" Facebook posts about the Muslim faith has won his appeal against a decision to revoke his licence.
Weightlifter Armen Vardanian has become the latest athlete to be disqualified from the London 2012 Olympics after failing a retest for steroids.
Cardiff City striker Conor Pilkington says the Bluebirds are capable of reaching the Championship play-offs this season.
The parents of a woman who was stabbed to death by a soldier have told of the moment they learned their daughter had been killed.
Conservative peer Lord Strathclyde is to stand down from the House of Lords at the next general election.
A County Tyrone sandwich maker has gone into administration, with the loss of more than 50 jobs.
The chief executive of Japanese advertising firm Dentsu has said he will step down after the death of a worker who took her own life due to exhaustion.
A man accused of murdering his wife by dousing her in white spirit and setting her on fire went on a walk with his dog, a court has heard.
At least five people have been killed in an attack on an Afghan army bus in the capital, Kabul, officials say.
A public consultation into the location of the UK's next nuclear waste dump has been held in the Scottish Borders.
Google's executive chairman, Eric Schmidt, has said he is "puzzled" by the debate about corporate tax in the UK.
Mozambique, a former Portuguese colony, is one of the world's fastest-growing economies but its politics are deeply polarised.
A re-enactment of Robin Hood has married his fiancÃ©e after they met at a banquet in Nottingham.
Oldham Athletic boosted their League One survival hopes with victory over Southend United thanks to Joe Main's second-half strike.
It is one of the world's largest landowners, with properties in Australia's Northern Territory, South Australia, Queensland and Western Australia.
Bradford City and Shrewsbury came from behind to earn a draw in League One.
Prince Harry has visited a remote community in the Amazon rainforest on the final day of his tour of the Caribbean.
A man in his 30s has been shot in the leg in west Belfast on Saturday.
The trial of one of the Philippines' most powerful clansmen, Andal Ampatuan Junior, has begun in the capital Manila.
Mystery surrounds the existence of a paper published by the Greek government on Wednesday, which I have not seen before.
London Underground (LU) drivers have voted to accept a new pay deal, paving the way for a Night Tube service.
The chairman of Swansea City Football Club has died at the age of 90.
Hearts have signed former Motherwell goalkeeper Lee Hollis on a deal until the end of the season to cover for injured duo Neil Alexander and David Gallacher.
Bradford Bulls have been placed into administration for the second time in as many months.
A British soldier who was killed in Afghanistan has been repatriated to the UK.
A total of 332 acres of land has been burnt by wild fires in the Highlands and Islands since the start of May.
Prime Minister Theresa May has been named the UK's most influential woman by BBC Radio 4.
Ronnie O'Sullivan and Jimmy White are through to the second round of the Scottish Open, while John Higgins and Stephen Maguire also progressed.
Prince Harry has said he is "fired up and energised" to make a difference in the world.
A planned strike by Tower Transit bus drivers in London has been called off.
A US judge has lifted a ban on the sale of Samsung's Galaxy Tab 10.1 in the country in a patent dispute with Apple.
Huddersfield Giants have signed Newcastle Knights hooker Tyler Walker on a one-year deal.
Saudi Arabia's Prince Alwaleed bin Talal has agreed to buy a 10% stake in Twitter for $3bn (Â£2bn).
More than a third of sportswomen in the UK do not report sexism, according to a survey by BBC Sport.
The owner of a collection of Dr Who props has put them up for sale at auction in London.
Rangers owner Mike Ashley has won the right to continue his legal battle over the club's merchandise deal with Sports Direct.
A former member of a body set up to monitor paramilitary activity in Northern Ireland has said he is concerned about the government's plans for a new monitoring body.
At least 17 people have been rescued from a fire at a block of flats in West Lothian.
A Boeing 787 Dreamliner has taken off from Addis Ababa for the first time since the plane was grounded in January.
A group of graffiti artists say they were asked to write messages in Arabic on the set of the US TV series Homeland to "subvert" the show's message.
Sprinter Sacre, the Champion Chase winner at the Cheltenham Festival in 2013, has been retired from racing.
The British Airline Pilots' Association has said it will appeal against a High Court ruling that the cockpit voice recorder from the Supa Puma plane crash should be handed over to prosecutors.
If you want to know what the Conservatives think about the future of devolution in the North East, look no further than the party's MPs.
Police are investigating whether a batch of heroin linked to five deaths and a number of medical emergencies in south Wales is linked to the same batch.
Australia's Domino's Pizza has agreed to buy Joey's Pizza in Germany in a deal that will create the world's biggest pizza chain.
Tributes have been paid to a man who died after a disturbance at a pub in Gwynedd.
A man has been charged with raping a boy in Cumbria.
A former vice-president of the Venezuelan Football Federation has pleaded guilty in a US court as part of an investigation into corruption in world football's governing body Fifa.
It's been another busy week in the US presidential race, with Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton trading barbs on the campaign trail.
MPs have heard from three women who had relationships with undercover police officers who posed as environmental activists.
A British man who spent more than a year fighting for so-called Islamic State in Syria has been charged with terrorism offences.
Two people have been arrested on suspicion of murder after the body of a man was found in a tunnel.
Theresa May will face a hostile reception when she returns to Downing Street on Tuesday, according to senior Conservative MPs.
The Football Association is the organisation that runs football in England.
In the wake of Theresa May's election victory, it was tempting to think the Conservatives' general election manifesto would be as strong as the 2015 document.
Bangladesh beat England for the first time in their history to win the second Test in Chittagong.
The European Environment Agency (EEA) has warned that climate change is already having an impact on Europe.
Newport Gwent Dragons scrum-half Matthew Pewtner has been forced to retire because of injury.
Former professional wrestler Dusty Rhodes has died at the age of 74.
The UK is the biggest exporter of lamb to the European Union, according to the Scottish Farmers' Union (SFU).
GPs in Birmingham are being paid thousands of pounds to cut the number of patients they see, an investigation has found.
West Ham defender Diafra Sakho will miss the rest of the season after having back surgery.
Jeremy Clarkson's Top Gear co-hosts Richard Hammond and James May could quit the show, according to the BBC's director of TV and radio Nick Yentob.
Plans for a new bus network in Bristol have been put on hold because of a lack of operators, it has emerged.
Paralympic gold medallist David Davies has set an unofficial world record in the shot put at the Phoenix Grand Prix.
It all started with a sharp corner at the start of the Olympic road race.
In 2011, a young Thai man, Doga Makiura, travelled to Rwanda, a country with one of the world's highest literacy rates.
Sheffield United have released midfielder Ryan Baxter after his contract was terminated by mutual consent.
The Bank of England's Funding for Lending Scheme (FLS) has come to an end, after more than a year and a half.
A Canadian woman who bought a C$1m (Â£700,000; $1.1m) lottery ticket has won C$2.5m (€2.3m; $2.6m).
A High Court judge has rejected two legal challenges to Northern Ireland's ban on same-sex marriage.
A ram has been chosen to replace Lance Corporal Derby, who died last year, as the army's mascot.
Josh Parkin and Josh Frear scored as Forest Green beat National League leaders Halifax to move up to third.
A man has been charged with possessing a knife and an axe in Worcestershire.
Peter Kennaugh won stage five of the Tour of Britain as Team Sky claimed a fourth stage win in a row.
Kirsty McColgan says she is "slowly turning into The Terminator" as she prepares to defend her British 5,000m title.
Edinburgh prop Alasdair Dickinson says his side need to win all of their remaining Pro12 games if they are to have any chance of making the play-offs.
The brother-in-law of one of the London suicide bombers has been described as a "coward" and a "disgusting" man by his sister.
It's one of the most recognisable dance moves in the world.
ScottishPower is to offer customers the chance to buy gas and electricity by the day, and up to 180 days ahead, under a new scheme.
US Senator John McCain has visited Syria for the first time, his spokesman has confirmed.
British number one Johanna Konta beat world number two Simona Halep 6-4 6-3 in the quarter-finals of the Australian Open.
A teenage goalkeeper from West Lothian has died after a long battle with cancer.
Former Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher is to be the headline act at this year's Hay Festival in Cornwall.
A campaign to tackle underage drinking in the Highlands and Islands has been launched.
Iraqi forces are continuing their offensive against so-called Islamic State (IS) in the city of Mosul, despite heavy rain and fog, officials say.
China's environment minister has called for a radical rethink of the country's economic growth strategy, saying it must be more efficient.
A cat has been rescued from the rubble of a collapsed house in the earthquake-hit Italian city of Bologna.
German media have reacted with shock to the election results in France and Greece, which have raised the prospect of further eurozone debt problems.
Archaeologists hope to uncover the resting place of Henry I, who was buried at Reading Abbey.
Former Monty Python star Terry Jones has been honoured with a lifetime achievement award at the Baftas.
Fifa has warned Mexico's Football Federation (FMF) that it could be expelled from matches if homophobic chanting continues.
The war in Syria has led to the loss of thousands of ancient artefacts, many of which are believed to have been looted.
Mae grŵp wedi ymgymryd â chynllun gan Lywodraeth y DU yn 2016 i gymryd cyfrifoldeb o gefnogi cartrefu ffoaduriaid.
Roger Federer says he would be "happy" to play Rafael Nadal at the US Open, which starts on Monday.
US private equity firm KKR has increased its bid for Australian winemaker TWE Group by more than a third to $1.6bn (Â£1bn).
Crusaders held 10-man Coleraine to a goalless draw in the Irish Premiership.
Scientists in Norway say they have found evidence that one of the world's most famous paintings could have been inspired by clouds.
The Citizens Advice Bureau is asking the public what they think about cold calling.
British driver Max Chilton said he thought of former team-mate Jules Bianchi "every five or 10 laps" as he won the Indy Lights race on Sunday.
Dementia researchers are using a mobile game to study how people with the condition play.
The family of an RAF serviceman who has been missing for more than a week have said they are "hard to deal with the uncertainty".
Hundreds of Sports Direct workers have taken part in a protest against the retailer's use of zero-hour contracts.
Hospitals in areas with high or extremely high rates of HIV should offer blood tests for the virus, according to new guidance.
"He wants to buy BHS and he wants to turn it into a successful business."
Lorry drivers are taking drugs to help them cope with the boredom of long working hours, the BBC has learned.
It's been a year and a half since the start of the war in Syria and now it's almost over.
Mashkel is one of the most remote towns in Pakistan's Balochistan province, and it was here that the devastating 7.8 magnitude earthquake struck on Friday.
A court in Saudi Arabia has begun the trial of 32 Shia Muslims accused of spying for Iran.
League One side Scunthorpe United have signed Leicester City defender Liam Watson on loan until the end of the season.
A man from Gloucestershire has become the first person to paddle the length of the longest river in the world, in Sri Lanka.
Australia's Speaker of the House of Representatives, Peter Slipper, has resigned amid allegations of sexual harassment against Prime Minister Julia Gillard.
The number of cruise ship passengers visiting Belfast has more than doubled in the last five years, according to the city's tourism agency.
Vlogger TomSka says he has been called an "idiot" and a "disgrace to the internet" because of the way he shares his life.
One-third of Redrow's landbank is not fit for purpose, the company's chief executive has said.
England full-back Ryan Hall says his side must not dwell on Saturday's defeat by Australia and focus on next week's Test against Tonga.
When Laura Robson landed in New York on Tuesday morning, she had a full day's work to do before her flight.
A police officer has been charged with three counts of perverting the course of justice.
Hibernian have appointed Alan Stubbs as their new head coach.
Ireland head coach Phil Simmons has been offered the job of West Indies head coach.
Plans for a National Civil War Heritage Centre in Nottinghamshire have been given the go-ahead.
League Two side Colchester United have signed Huddersfield Town's England Under-21 international Josh Murphy on loan until the end of the season.
Laura Muir's 5,000m world record is expected to be ratified, British Athletics have confirmed.
A court in Argentina has begun the trial of five former military intelligence officers accused of running a secret detention centre.
England captain Alastair Cook says Australia are "still probably favourites" to retain the Ashes, despite their 2-0 lead in the series.
Plans to redevelop a Grade II-listed building in Cardiff city centre have been given the go-ahead.
Scientists have published a list of 200 new minerals that have been formed on Earth in the last 10,000 years.
A 15-year-old Malaysian boy has had surgery to remove a foetus that had been living in his stomach for more than a decade.
Six Scots have been selected to represent the country at the World Championships in London in August.
Pupils at a school in Lancashire have been told to expect bullets, bodies and blood after a threat was made online.
Police in Australia are investigating seven Melbourne women who have travelled to Syria and Iraq to fight with so-called Islamic State (IS).
Mark Stoneman scored his first Championship century of the season as Warwickshire beat Durham by seven wickets at Edgbaston.
A vote to leave the European Union would have a " relatively small" impact on the UK economy, according to a report by the ratings agency Moody's.
David Warner's absence from England's tour of Australia this summer will give the players an opportunity to get back to the business of winning the Ashes.
The Welsh government has been given £5m to compensate retired firefighters and police officers affected by a pensions error.
Scientists at the University of York have described how cancer cells break free from their "tent" and spread.
Britain's Aljaz Bedene reached the third round of the Madrid Open with a hard-fought victory over Pablo Carreno Busta.
The US has appointed a new ambassador to Cuba as the two countries resume full diplomatic relations.
Luton Town moved into the League Two play-off places with a comfortable win over Bristol City.
The Oculus Rift is a new product that's being launched in the US this week.
It is not every day that you hear that a major oil company, such as BP, could be forced to shut down its operations in the Gulf because of a dispute with Iran.
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani has arrived in Paris for the start of a two-day visit to France and Italy.
EastEnders fans have been given a sneak peek at the "noisy and brash" family who will be moving into Walford this summer.
It's important for the UK to get some rain, because it's the only thing that keeps the rivers and lakes running.
The Conservative party has won an increased majority on Northamptonshire County Council in the local election.
Baroness O'Loan, the former head of the Public Prosecution Service (PPS), believes that Northern Ireland's past has bled into the present.
Newcastle United have signed striker Dwight Gayle from Crystal Palace and winger Matt Ritchie from Bournemouth for undisclosed fees.
Up to 40 jobs are at risk after a bus company went into administration, it has been claimed.
A man accused of bludgeoning a woman to death in a "frenzied attack" has denied her murder.
Huddersfield moved into the Championship play-off places as they thrashed 10-man Brighton, who suffered their first league defeat of the season.
A man has admitted killing his estranged wife as she slept in their home.
The Metropolitan Police cannot afford to have officers "fear the consequences of shooting someone", the force's outgoing commissioner has said.
A fire has broken out at a shopping centre in Cumbria.
An MP has apologised for saying type 1 diabetes is "not preventable" and type 2 diabetes is not "preventable".
A film based on the life of a Jewish author who was murdered by the Nazis in World War Two has opened in the US.
A huge fire at an oil refinery in Kent has been brought under control.
Former world number one Rafael Nadal has confirmed he will play at the Aegon Championships at Queen's Club in June.
Two men have been taken to hospital after being rescued from a tanker carrying corrosive acid off the coast of Cornwall.
As Donald Trump arrived in Brussels for his first official visit to the European Union, it was hard not to feel that he had been given a taste of what it is like to be a president.
National League side Macclesfield Town have signed former Liverpool striker Adam Ngoo on a short-term deal.
Residents have been told to leave their homes as a large bushfire continues to burn in the Australian state of Victoria.
A police sergeant involved in the investigation into the death of an 11-year-old boy by self-suspension spoke to a school manager in January, it has emerged.
The number of new Individual Savings Accounts (Isas) opened in the last financial year has fallen to its lowest level for more than a decade.
The number of cannabis farms in the UK has more than doubled in the last two years, according to police figures.
A man who bought a giant jigsaw puzzle, only to find four pieces were missing, has had to ask the manufacturer to re-cut them for him.
A woman has died and an eight-year-old boy has been injured in a crash involving a car at a rally in the Highlands.
Wales' education commissioners will take to the stage in Cardiff later to discuss the future of education in the country.
A Denbighshire man has been ordered to pay £1.50 compensation after he threw a bottle of milk at a Tesco store manager.
BBC Northern Ireland's Spotlight programme has won the Scoop Of The Year award at the Royal Television Society (RTS) awards.
Jewish groups in Croatia are boycotting a ceremony next week to mark the 70th anniversary of the Nazi death camp at Jasenovac.
Manchester United have signed Manchester City winger Adnan Januzaj on loan until the end of the season.
Hearts have asked fans to help raise £6m for the club's main stand project over the next five years in a bid to secure majority ownership.
West Bromwich Albion manager Tony Pulis says striker Saido Berahino is not fit enough to play for the club.
Saracens will face Leicester Tigers in the Anglo-Welsh Cup semi-finals, while Harlequins will travel to Exeter Chiefs.
The mother of a man who was killed in a hit-and-run crash has paid tribute to her "beautiful" son.
England women beat world champions New Zealand 26-14 in their final game of the Four Nations tournament in Hamilton.
A paraglider "thought she was going to die" when she came within 600ft (183m) of an A400M military aircraft, a report has said.
Firefighters are tackling a large wildfire in the Mourne Mountains in County Fermanagh.
A "clever and calculating" paedophile who bribed his victims with Fifa game currency has been jailed for 12 years.
It's been a tough year for Josephine, the singer-songwriter from London who formed a band with her friend and fellow student, Alex, who was killed in a car crash last year.
A four-year-old boy was referred to social services after nursery staff mistook him for a jihadist for saying the word "cucumber".
A woman in the US state of Utah has been arrested after her five-year-old daughter and another child were found in the boot of a car.
Police have been called to the High Street in Old Aberdeen following reports of a "disturbance" involving Conservative MP Ian Galloway.
Algeria beat Qatar 1-0 in their opening match of the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations in Gabon.
Celtic manager Ronny Deila says qualifying for the Europa League would be the "biggest achievement" of his career.
Teachers in Wales are to be given a new set of skills as part of a £1bn overhaul of the profession.
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho says some of his players "don't think the aim is to win".
The body of a man has been found at a recycling plant in Somerset, police have said.
The final list of candidates to succeed Nigel Farage as UKIP leader will be announced on Wednesday, the party has said.
Aberdeen have appointed Arbroath boss Paul Sheerin as their new manager on a two-year deal.
The PSNI has announced that 26 new neighbourhood policing teams (LPTs) are to be set up across Northern Ireland.
American defensive back Troy Polamalu has announced that he will retire at the end of the season.
A man has appeared in court charged with the manslaughter of a Swansea rugby player who died after being hit by a car.
England's Stuart Bingham will take on Scotland's Scott Donaldson in the final of the World Championship at Alexandra Palace in London on Saturday.
Two goals from Adebayo Diomande saw Hull City come from behind to beat League Two Exeter in the EFL Cup second round.
Work to demolish a Denbighshire primary school and replace it with a new Welsh-medium one is set to begin.
Former Rangers owner Craig Whyte has appeared in court charged with conspiracy to defraud the club.
Leeds United won at Luton Town for the first time this season thanks to David Denton's first-half goal.
Former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi has been given the chance to pay back his debt to society, by the courts.
Leyton Orient have appointed assistant manager Paul Edwards as first-team coach.
The parents of a motorcyclist killed by a drink driver have called for tougher sentences for those who cause death by careless driving.
A man has been assaulted and robbed by a gang of armed men at his home in Ballymena, County Antrim.
England batsman Jason Roy says he did not know he had made the second-highest one-day international score until he was shown it on television.
Wales hooker Ken Owens says he will not let his long spell on the bench affect his desire to start for his country.
Alastair Cook hit a half-century as Essex recovered from a poor start against Worcestershire on a rain-affected first day at Chelmsford.
A British man convicted of plotting a terror attack in Manchester in 2009 has been sentenced to life in prison in the United States.
Russia is to reduce its military presence in Syria, the defence ministry has said, with the withdrawal of its aircraft carrier and other forces.
Rafael Nadal came from a set down to beat German teenager Alexander Zverev and reach the quarter-finals of the Australian Open.
A fisherman in the north-eastern Brazilian state of Para has recovered a piece of debris believed to be from a UK satellite launch.
A man who was caught with a knife and hammer in east London has been jailed for eight years at the Old Bailey.
A woman jailed for stalking her ex-boyfriend's mother-in-law has had her sentence cut after judges said her sentence was too lenient.
A building has collapsed in the Canary Islands, killing at least one person and injuring three others, officials say.
St Johnstone suffered their first defeat of the season as they were beaten by FK Trakai in Lithuania.
When it comes to term-time holidays, many parents feel they are being "priced out" of the market.
Prison officers in England and Wales are to be balloted on industrial action in a row over the privatisation of prisons.
Fulham have signed Oostende striker Adama Cyriac on a season-long loan deal.
US Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has announced he will not run for re-election in November.
The German art dealer Hildebrand Gurlitt, whose collection of Picasso, Matisse and other paintings was uncovered by tax investigators, has died at the age of 90.
Scottish bus and coach operator Stagecoach has announced plans to invest more than £100m in new buses and coaches.
Granada have sacked manager Tony Adams after a 2-1 defeat by Espanyol on Saturday.
A man has died following a three-vehicle crash in Powys.
A new £20m swimming pool is to be built at Derby's Moorways Leisure Centre, the city council has announced.
A school that was named after the Islamic State (IS) militant group has changed its name because of the group's activities.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed higher on Wednesday, boosted by strong gains in technology and retail stocks.
It is one of the most common medical conditions in the world, yet it is one that many people fail to recognise.
A woman has been charged with the murder of a man who died after collapsing at a house in south-west London.
World number one Andy Murray will miss his final warm-up match before Wimbledon because of a hip injury.
Denmark's centre-right coalition has won a decisive victory in the country's general election.
Fantasy and horror writer Arthur Machen's collection could be lost if Newport council closes its reference library, it has been claimed.
A Pembrokeshire man is thought to have broken the world record for playing the bagpipes for the longest time.
A 21-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a 15-year old boy was stabbed to death in a west London alleyway.
Pregnant women in the UK are being urged not to travel to areas with a high risk of malaria.
The Green Party has launched its manifesto for the general election, promising to "stand up to the establishment parties on issues like climate change".
A draft of Labour's general election manifesto has been leaked to the media.
Former Plaid Cymru AM Leanne Wood, who lost her bid for the party's leadership, was once banned from the assembly for referring to the Queen as "Mrs Windsor".
The UK job market saw a "slight slowdown" in May following the general election, according to two recruitment agencies.
Bristol Blaze have signed ice hockey player Liam Stewart on a two-year deal, with the option of a third.
Hereford United have been relegated from the Conference Premier after failing to pay their debts.
Police in the western Indian city of Mumbai have arrested a man who was seen walking around with his wife's severed head in his hand.
Two Bangladeshi oil workers who were kidnapped in Libya last month have been freed, officials say.
A mother has appeared in court charged with the murder of her seven-year-old son who died in a car fire.
The United Nations is considering publishing the names of suspected war criminals in Syria, the BBC understands.
A former Methodist minister tried to hypnotise four boys before sexually abusing them, a court has heard.
The father and mother of a British man suspected of joining so-called Islamic State have appeared in court charged with terrorism offences.
The Condor Liberation has returned to service off the Isle of Wight after repairs were carried out on the vessel.
Up to 1,000 new homes could be built in Swansea over the next 10 years, according to the city council.
Tens of thousands of people have taken to the streets of the Republic of Ireland to protest against the high cost of water.
Commonwealth super-lightweight champion Josh Taylor's trainer Shane McGuigan has described the 22-year-old as a "phenomenal talent".
Scientists in South Africa say they have found a 100,000-year-old pot of ochre in a cave near Cape Town.
Ireland's economy grew by 7.7% in the first three months of the year compared with the same period last year, official figures show.
Leeds city centre could be closed to through traffic as part of plans to make the city more liveable.
Abertay University in Dundee has been named the best university in the world for its graduate courses in computer games design.
For some it was a question which could not be answered.
The Foreign Office is "urgently working" with the authorities in Thailand to establish whether a British national has died in a shooting incident.
Great Britain beat Argentina 3-2 in their opening Pool B match at the World League Final in London.
Middlesbrough manager Nigel Clough has no new injury worries ahead of Saturday's game against Championship leaders Leicester City.
A takeaway where a three-year-old girl died after suffering an allergic reaction has been banned from operating.
A Cardiff council worker has been jailed for five years for stealing more than £20,000 from a children's fund.
A Cardiff-based online insurance company has won a series of contracts from the Welsh government.
North Korea says it has carried out a large-scale military drill near its border with the South, with artillery shells "lashing like lightning".
Hundreds of Afghans have taken part in a protest in the capital, Kabul, against what they say is Iran's ban on fuel exports to the country.
A database of more than 390 species of trees and shrubs has been created by scientists in Germany.
Wales full-back Leigh Halfpenny has been ruled out of the World Cup with a serious knee injury.
French Economy Minister Segolene Goulard has resigned from the cabinet.
British comic book artist Chris Dillon has died at the age of 55.
Sergio Garcia, Rickie Fowler and Thomas Pieters all made the cut at the WGC-Dell Match Play in gusty conditions at Baltusrol.
New pictures of bright spots on the surface of the dwarf planet Ceres suggest they may be made up of ice.
A van driver has been jailed for six months for causing the death of a man by careless driving in West Lothian.
Pakistan has said it is "awaiting further details" of a Saudi-led military alliance against terrorism, while Malaysia and Indonesia have not yet decided whether to join.
Russia coach Leonid Slutsky says he will step down at the end of Euro 2016 after his side were knocked out of the tournament.
Bristol Rovers midfielder Liam Broom has signed a new one-year contract with the League Two club.
Australia batsman David Warner has been banned for three matches for striking England team-mate Joe Root in a pub.
Plans for a safari park, a water park and a hotel have been given the go-ahead.
A 14-year-old Pakistani schoolgirl has been shot in the head by a Taliban gunman in the country's restive Swat Valley.
Scotland's former chief medical officer has been appointed to lead a review of NHS targets.
A doctor who took a £10,000 loan from a vulnerable patient has been struck off by the General Medical Council (GMC).
A war crimes tribunal in Bangladesh has sentenced a senior Islamist leader to death for crimes against humanity during the 1971 war of independence from Pakistan.
James Wakely and Richard Keogh hit centuries as Northamptonshire put themselves in a strong position against Leicestershire.
A Flintshire man who stopped a machete attack has been nominated for bravery at the St David Awards.
A film shot in the Welsh valleys for just Â£4,000 has won an award for its screenplay in Poland.
Ten people have been charged with slavery offences following an investigation into traveller sites in Lincolnshire.
A Mongolian man has become the first person in the world to own a complete Star Wars collection.
Here's a round-up of the best moments from the 89th Academy Awards, which took place in Los Angeles on Sunday.
Rangers have completed the signing of midfielder Jamie Dorrans from Norwich City for an undisclosed fee.
A lifeboat crew has rescued a group of people from the water after their boat ran aground on Lough Neagh.
A man has admitted killing an 11-year-old girl in a hit-and-run crash in South Lanarkshire.
Police searching for the remains of a murdered schoolgirl in a North Lanarkshire canal say they have identified five "structures" in the water.
South Africa's President Jacob Zuma has announced that university fees will not rise in 2016, after days of protests by thousands of students.
The new series of BBC One's Atlantis starts on Monday night and it's a very different show to the one that came before.
Black Friday is set to be the UK's busiest online shopping day of the year, according to credit card firm Visa.
The US space agency's (Nasa) Curiosity rover has begun sampling the air on Mars for the first time.
The number of pupils who get into their preferred primary school in England has risen for the third year in a row, official figures show.
An exhibition of portraits of some of the UK's most famous faces has opened in Hull.
England's Scott Hend is two shots behind leader Tyrrell Hatton after the final round of the BMW PGA Championship in Wentworth.
A young girl was seriously injured when she was attacked by a dog in a public place, police have said.
Chinese dissident artist Ai Weiwei has said he will use Lego to "defend freedom of speech and political art".
Robert Kubica says he misses the chance to race in Formula 1 after being forced to retire from the sport with a hand injury.
Sally Bercow and Ola Jordan have been added to the line-up for the second series of BBC Two's The Great British Bake Off.
Hearts have completed the signings of Belgian midfielder Abdelhak Rherras and striker Conor Sammon on free transfers.
Malcolm Turnbull has been sworn in as Australia's prime minister, replacing Tony Abbott, who was ousted on Monday.
More than half of young people in the UK check their mobile phones before going to bed, a survey suggests.
A rare Rolls-Royce once owned by the late sex symbol Diana Dors has sold at auction in New York for $3m (Â£2.6m).
A man has been jailed for 12 years for trying to kill a takeaway worker with a meat cleaver.
Plans to reintroduce lynx to parts of the UK have been unveiled by a wildlife charity.
John Lewis has begun work on its flagship store in the St James Centre in Edinburgh as part of a £20m revamp.
Ipswich Town have signed Reading striker Joe Samuel on loan until the end of the season and brought in Cardiff City midfielder Rhys Huws on a season-long loan.
Tributes have been paid to Fylde Ladies footballer Zoe Tynan, who died after being hit by a train.
A Ukrainian student who was trapped in a wardrobe by Islamist gunmen in the northern city of Aleppo has told of her ordeal.
A man who tried to travel to Syria to fight with so-called Islamic State has been jailed for five years and three months.
A former Iraqi chemical weapons expert has been captured by US-led coalition forces fighting so-called Islamic State (IS) in Iraq, US officials say.
The BBC Sports Personality of the Year will be named on 14 December 2014, following a shortlist of 50 sportspeople.
Harry Potter and the Cursed Child actress Emma Watson has confirmed that she will be playing the character Hermione in the next film.
Celebrity Big Brother contestant Christopher Biggins has been removed from the show after "a number of comments capable of causing great offence", producers have said.
It is more than a decade since the Danish government decided to change the way it treats cancer.
Residents in the Gourock area of Inverclyde have been told to keep their doors and windows closed after a sea mine was found on the River Ness.
Fifa presidential candidate Gianni Infantino has called for the World Cup to be rotated between countries in the region.
Kidderminster Harriers have appointed Paul Eustace as their new manager following their relegation from the National League.
The bells of St Mary's Church in Bournemouth have been rung out for the first time in more than 200 years.
Plans have been submitted for the restoration of two Grade II-listed buildings in Reading which were used as a college.
England number eight Billy Vunipola is set to return from injury in time for the Six Nations opener against Wales on 5 March.
The Conwy Valley rail line has been closed for several days due to flooding.
A man has been jailed for life for the murder of a man who was stabbed during a fight in a park.
Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal has been sacked by the club.
A pod of sperm whales has died on a beach in the French town of Saint-Etienne after being washed up on the shore.
A hospital has said it is looking at new ways to deal with parking problems at its site.
Eurotunnel has said it is unable to sell tickets to non-reserved customers at its terminals in the Channel Tunnel due to increased security.
A study by the World Bank has found that the number of women working in India has fallen for the first time in more than a decade.
Leicester defender Danny Drinkwater is available to face Stoke after missing the defeat by Chelsea with a hamstring injury.
A County Antrim MLA has been cleared of harassing a schoolgirl in Ballymena.
Pupils at a primary school which was closed after a row over a video purporting to show staff making comments about a head teacher are to return.
Glasgow Warriors scrum-half Jamie Murray is confident his side can reach the Pro12 play-offs for the second year in a row.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by driving after a man was killed in a crash on the M1.
West Bromwich Albion striker Saido Berahino has been given a six-month driving ban after being found guilty of drink-driving.
French actress Anne Lebeau, best known for her role in World War Two film Casablanca, has died at the age of 93.
Stoke City captain Ryan Shawcross has been ruled out for up to four weeks with a hamstring injury.
There will be a second round of voting in Ecuador's presidential election after the first round was inconclusive.
The England cricket team have arrived in Dhaka for their one-day series against Bangladesh, which begins on Friday.
More than 700,000 emails and passwords belonging to US government agencies have been found on the internet, a security company has said.
Brexit Secretary David Davis and Scottish Secretary David Russell have said they want to work together to get the best deal for the whole of the UK.
Dundee Stars head coach Marc LeFebvre hopes his team can learn from their experience at the Elite League finals and return next season.
Olympic bronze medallist Gemma Smith will lead Great Britain's women's team at the European Weightlifting Championships in France on 7-9 April.
Liverpool defender Alberto Moreno is set to leave the club in the summer, reports BBC Radio Solent.
The architect of Dundee's new Museum of Natural History has said he is "very happy" with the progress being made on the project.
Hundreds of people have taken to the streets of Venice to protest against what they say is the city's decline as a tourist destination.
Two men have been jailed for fly-tippers who dumped more than 40 tonnes of waste in a Birmingham street.
Five British servicemen have been killed in a helicopter crash in Afghanistan.
Scottish Chambers of Commerce (SCC) has said it has identified "potential opportunities" for Scottish businesses in China.
In September, Carrie Yau was elected to the Hong Kong Legislative Council as the leader of the pro-democracy Youngspiration party.
Marcus Rashford scored a stoppage-time winner as Manchester United beat Anderlecht to reach the Europa League semi-finals.
In recent years, African governments have introduced a number of laws to restrict the use of the internet and online media.
A campaign group has called for a review of the way elections are run following the UK's vote to leave the European Union.
As the general election campaign draws to a close, BBC Wales political correspondent Laura McAllister looks at the potential implications for Wales and the UK.
Johanna Konta believes she can improve on her form after reaching the Wimbledon semi-finals.
Barcelona have signed Brazil midfielder Paulinho from Chinese club Guangzhou Evergrande on a five-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Hundreds of thousands of people in Leeds have been left without water after a problem at a treatment works.
A £5.5m tourist attraction, which was designed by Welsh artist David Llewelyn-Bowen, has been forced to close.
First Minister Carwyn Jones has said she is "not interested" in becoming UKIP Wales' next MEP.
Ghana's government has reversed its policy of keeping nurses under a "bond".
The brother of a man who died after being trampled by a herd of cows has called for safer footpaths.
Comedian Bill Bailey has said his Limboland tour bus was stolen from outside the Liverpool Philharmonic.
Manchester United striker Wayne Rooney has signed a new four-and-a-half year contract with the club.
Plymouth Argyle's Paul Hartley says his late winner against Portsmouth in the League Two play-off semi-final was the "biggest moment" of his career.
Shares in Japan closed lower despite the country's economy growing faster than expected in the first quarter of the year.
Australia's Woodside Petroleum has reported a 27% rise in half-year profits, helped by record production and higher realised prices for liquefied natural gas (LNG).
E-commerce sites have been warned that a security flaw in a popular piece of software has exposed the personal details of up to two million customers.
A new code of conduct for police stop and searches has been published by the Scottish government.
Rail passengers on the Borders to Edinburgh line have been able to return to their homes after a day of disruption.
The number of Welsh rugby union and rugby league players caught using performance-enhancing drugs is "off-the-scale", the Welsh Rugby Union has said.
Pope Francis has called the killing of Armenians by the Ottoman Empire in World War One "the first genocide of the 20th Century".
Lance Armstrong has been criticised for his interview with Sunday Times journalist Dan Roan in which he said he had "no credibility" after admitting to doping.
If you're planning to go to Glastonbury this weekend, will you be able to get your hands on one of the new beaker-shaped cups?
Two helicopters have been based at the Inverness Coastguard Station for the past five years.
Manchester City have accepted a Football Association charge of failing to provide accurate information about players' whereabouts.
Romania's Prime Minister Sorin Grindeanu has been removed from office by his own party after a vote of no confidence in parliament.
Some Sky customers in parts of the UK have complained of slow internet speeds due to a "high rate of new customer additions".
A security breach at one of the entrances to the Palace of Westminster may have been down to "human error", MPs have been told.
A drug used to treat leukaemia can be cut in half to prevent the disease relapsing, say researchers.
The father of a British backpacker who died after being stabbed in Australia has said the world is a " poorer place".
Barcelona defender Luis Suarez says it was "totally unfair" for Atletico Madrid to be sent off against his side in the Champions League.
There are only a handful of Northern Irish people working in the video game industry in the United States.
Two men have been arrested on suspicion of drugs offences after ecstasy tablets and cocaine worth more than 400,000 euro (£353,176) were seized by police in Paris.
Jeremy Corbyn's rise to the leadership of the Labour Party was partly due to the strength of his position as a backbencher.
The town centre of Longford in the Republic of Ireland was built in the late 1990s as part of the country's economic boom.
Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson is to visit Moscow in the coming weeks, the Foreign Office has said.
The Scottish government is to close the application process for a commemorative medal to mark the 75th anniversary of the sinking of a Royal Navy ship in the English Channel.
Labour's call for a ban on fixed-odds betting terminals has been rejected by the House of Commons.
Ethiopians have paid tribute to their "hero" marathon runner Haile Gebrselassie, who has announced his retirement at the age of 74.
The man behind the takeover of the Financial Times is one of Japan's richest men, and his name is Kaori Kita.
Luis Suarez will serve the remainder of his nine-match ban for biting a player after the Court of Arbitration for Sport upheld the decision.
Kilmarnock have signed Lithuania international midfielder Vykintas Sernas on a two-year deal.
The United States Soccer Federation says it will introduce new rules to reduce the number of concussions among young players.
21st Century Fox has said it has reached an agreement with Sky over a £11.25bn takeover of the broadcaster.
Two more men have been arrested on suspicion of child sexual exploitation offences.
Police are hunting two men who carried out an armed robbery at a post office in South Lanarkshire.
More than 2,000 teenagers are taking part in the Ten Tors event on Dartmoor.
A chronology of key events relating to the sale of Nama's Northern Ireland loan portfolio in 2011.
Tributes have been paid to one of two men who died after getting into difficulty while swimming at a beauty spot.
A primary school has suspended two staff members over allegations of historical sexual abuse.
Former Newcastle United player Cheick Tiote has been remembered at a memorial service in China.
Shares in Asia fell on Tuesday as investors remained cautious ahead of the Greek election next month.
Blackberry has reported better-than-expected profits for the first three months of the year, helped by strong sales of its new Z10 smartphone.
Proserv, a Dumfries and Galloway-based subsea technology firm, has won two major contract deals in the North Sea.
Schools should be "confident" about the amount of money they can afford to spend on teachers, says the Teaching Standards Review Board (STRB).
Voting has ended in the European Parliament elections, in which the far-right National Front came first in France and Eurosceptics took top spot in the UK.
Mae gwrthwynebwyr i'r cynllun wedi mynegi pryder am ei effaith ar fywyd gwyllt a'r Deyrnas Unedig gael ei adeiladu.
Liverpool's mayor has said he will not be holding a referendum on any further council tax rises following a public consultation.
The United Nations has called on the US to suspend its controversial corn biofuel quota, saying it would help feed the world.
Drinking from a straight glass of beer does not appear to slow you down, according to a new study.
Crawley Town have re-signed midfielder David Dugdale on a one-year deal and brought in defender Joe Cole on a two-year contract after his release by Woking.
A crowdfunding scheme on the crowdfunding site Kickstarter has been pulled after it was discovered to be a scam.
The trial of a man accused of carrying out the Boston Marathon bombings has begun in the US state of Massachusetts.
Monday's NHS strike was the biggest in the history of the health service, with staff walking out for the second time in less than a month.
Two gay men in the US state of Mississippi are suing a funeral home after they were told they could not attend their uncle's funeral.
A virtual reality tour of Nottingham's caves has been launched in a bid to make the sites more accessible.
The mother of a toddler who died after being left in a car in Australia had a "forgotten baby syndrome", an inquest heard.
Scientists have identified 23 genes that make it easier or harder for a cancer to spread in the body.
Perth Thunder lost to Hobart Hurricanes in the semi-finals of the Women's Big Bash League as England all-rounder Charlotte Brunt was run out in the final over.
Scotland's newspapers are predicting a second independence referendum in June after the results of the local council elections.
An MP has called for help to save the home of the British traveller and photographer, Alice Bell, which has fallen into disrepair.
Former Russian oil tycoon Mikhail Khodorkovsky has said he is considering seeking asylum in the UK because he is considered a threat to President Vladimir Putin.
The number of samples of cladding that have failed fire safety tests since the Grenfell Tower disaster is "unprecedented", the prime minister has said.
North Korea says it has developed a "national smack" that won't leave you with a hangover the next day.
Newcastle Falcons director of rugby Dean Richards says he is "frustrated" by his side's poor start to the Premiership season.
A six-year-old boy who was left on a school bus for three months has been found safe and well.
US President Donald Trump has been accused of cherry-picking data in his announcement that the US will withdraw from the Paris climate agreement.
An inquest into the death of a reservist who died on an SAS selection exercise has been opened and adjourned.
Google is developing a blood test that could help diagnose and treat cancer, the company has said.
Ghana coach Avram Grant has urged fans to stop criticising his players.
League Two side Notts County have signed Morecambe defender Ben Edwards on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
A carer has been jailed for stealing more than £20,000 from a vulnerable man she looked after.
Fifa president Gianni Infantino says the World Cup could be expanded to 48 teams in the future.
The mother of murdered schoolgirl Arlene Arkinson has told an inquest she felt police did not do enough to investigate her daughter's disappearance.
Older people in England are being left to fend for themselves because of a lack of care and support, a report has said.
A 51-year-old woman has been found guilty of stabbing a man to death at his home in Paisley.
A Saudi-led coalition air strike on the headquarters of the Special Security Forces in the Yemeni capital, Sanaa, has killed at least 36 soldiers, officials say.
A motion of no confidence has been tabled in the Dáil (Irish parliament) in relation to a planned republican rally in Dublin on Saturday.
Jonathan Rea clinched his first World Superbike title with victory in the final race of the season at Donington Park.
The US has condemned the Afghan government's plan to release 45 prisoners at Bagram military prison.
Ben Affleck's film Argo has won best picture at the Directors Guild of America (DGA) awards, despite the film not winning an Oscar.
Nigeria's military says it has launched a military operation against Islamist militants in the north-eastern states of Borno and Yobe.
Tributes have been paid to former newspaper editor Peter Corrigan, who has died at the age of 73.
A man has been charged with attempted murder after two boys were stabbed.
Britain's Tom Latham won bronze in the men's scratch at the Track Cycling World Championships in Hong Kong.
Cardiff Blues have named a 23-man squad for the 2016-17 Pro12 season.
Alfie Richardson and Joanna Chancellor have been cast as the leads in a new BBC One comedy-drama about two socialites.
Joseph Clark was a 23-year-old father of two who travelled by car with his brother, Stephen, who also died in the crash.
A teenager pulled out a machete and attacked a taxi driver before stealing his change, a court heard.
Debbie Taylor's second-half winner gave England a 1-0 win over the Netherlands in their final warm-up game before Euro 2017.
Bath have signed hooker Jonny Evans from Newport Gwent Dragons on a two-year deal.
Britain's Alex Thomson has moved into third place in the Vendee Globe after a second day of sailing.
The New South Wales parliament has voted to refer to US presidential candidate Donald Trump as a "revolting slug".
Five-time Olympic gold medallist Steve Redgrave and Sir Chris Hoy will be part of the BBC's coverage of the Rio 2016 Games.
The Maritime and Coastguard Agency (MCA) has asked the owner of a drilling rig that ran aground in the Western Isles last year to pay £500,000 in compensation.
How do you solve a problem like Operation Stack, which has caused traffic chaos in Kent for more than a decade?
A man who was shot in the leg in Rhondda Cynon Taff has died in hospital.
West Indies won the World Twenty20 for the first time after Kraigg Brathwaite hit an unbeaten 49 from 27 balls to beat England by three wickets in the final in Abu Dhabi.
Dirk Coetzee, the South African spy who exposed the Vlakplaas paramilitary group, has died at the age of 83.
Former Hillsborough disaster commander David Duckenfield is one of six people to be charged over the disaster.
Archaeologists working on the construction of the West Link in Inverness have unearthed artefacts dating back to the Bronze Age.
The streets of Stuttgart are a hive of activity at this time of year.
The Workers Party has accused the BBC of putting a "price tag" on political airtime ahead of next week's general election.
Footage has emerged of the moment boxer Floyd Mayweather's tour van was set on fire during a promotional event.
A seven-year-old girl suffered burns to her face when a vapouriser exploded on a Harry Potter ride in Florida, US police say.
A man has died after being hit by a chainsaw in south-east London.
The number of people in the world with visual impairment is set to more than treble in the next decade, say researchers.
Scotland manager Gordon Strachan says his side's 1-0 friendly win over Nigeria will have no bearing on their World Cup qualifying campaign.
A man has been jailed for eight weeks for carrying a fake gun and a knife in a Worthing park.
Hundreds of Poles living in the UK have gathered at a cemetery in London to mark All Saints Day.
New rules on broadband adverts have come into force in the UK, following a review by the advertising watchdog.
A member of staff has been seriously injured in a robbery at a Borders Post Office.
The failure to pass legislation to devolve corporation tax to Northern Ireland will jeopardise jobs, a business lobby group has said.
A section of a cliff in Bournemouth has collapsed after heavy rain caused it to give way.
Wycombe Wanderers striker Lee Tomlin has signed a new one-year contract with the League Two club.
A convicted sex offender who was due to be released from a prison in Cambridgeshire has been deported.
The Conservatives have won all but one seat in Dorset in the general election.
Dumfries and Galloway Council has agreed a budget for the next financial year, which will see savings of more than £1m.
The jury in the Liam Fees murder trial has retired to consider its verdict.
US President Donald Trump has banned people from seven mainly Muslim countries from entering the US until further notice.
The Australian government has announced plans to strip citizenship from people who serve or fight for terrorist groups.
Fifteen soldiers have been detained for disobeying a command to "sit down" during a training exercise, an army court martial heard.
A man has been left " scarred for life" after an unprovoked attack in a pub in Glasgow.
Comedian and actor Kevin Hart has announced that he is to release his first solo album.
Britain's Andy Murray and Dan Evans made it through to the fourth round of Wimbledon with straight-set wins on Friday.
Jared Allen has announced his retirement from the NFL after a second spell with the Minnesota Vikings.
Wigan Athletic have signed Oxford United defender Jordan Dunkley on a two-year deal.
The world’s oceans need a new set of international rules to protect and manage them, say experts.
The outcome of the fatal accident inquiry (FAI) into the Glasgow bin lorry crash is to be announced on Monday.
Former enterprise minister Jonathan Bell has said he has been suspended from the DUP for "telling the truth" over the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scheme.
Police Scotland's new control room in Dumfries has performed "to the satisfaction" of the public, a report has found.
Transport Scotland is to explore the possibility of extending the new Borders Railway to Carlisle.
An environmental group has won the right to challenge plans to run electricity cables through a Gwynedd forest.
West Brom manager Tony Pulis says striker Saido Berahino could replace Harry Kane or Jamie Vardy at Tottenham if he were to leave the club.
Sculptures of sheep have been installed in the Lake District in a bid to boost visitor numbers to the area.
Defender Gary Cahill says England's 1-0 friendly defeat by Spain was "flattered" by the Spanish side.
A gold pendant found in Norfolk is an early copy of a Byzantine coin made in France, experts believe.
A UKIP donor has accused the party's ruling NEC of expelling him from the party.
Plans to improve transport in north west Cardiff have been unveiled.
A County Londonderry father and daughter have made history in the world of cricket.
A protest has been held in Calderdale calling for an independent inquiry into historical child abuse at a care home.
Police investigating the murder of a dissident republican in the Republic of Ireland say they have found a car used by the killers.
"Zombie" caterpillars have been found hanging from branches on a nature reserve in Lancashire, wildlife experts have said.
A "predatory and ruthless" paedophile has been jailed for 12 years for a string of sex attacks on young girls.
Brentford moved out of the Championship relegation zone with a comfortable victory over struggling Bolton Wanderers.
The mother of a teenager who went missing nine years ago has said she is "relieved" police are looking again at a car seen near the scene of his disappearance.
Lancashire's Alex Davies hit his highest first-class score to help his side close in on victory over Derbyshire at Edgbaston.
Ghana came from behind to beat DR Congo 2-1 and reach the Africa Cup of Nations semi-finals.
Eleven Aston Villa and Leicester City fans arrested after a fight broke out during the Premier League game have been released on bail.
Photographs of a World War Two bombing raid on Manchester in which more than 600 people were killed have been released by the War Office.
Denny Solomona scored a hat-trick of tries as Castleford Tigers lost to Widnes Vikings in the final game of the Super League season.
It's been a week since Sony Pictures was the victim of a massive cyber attack.
A man who stabbed a woman to death in a Caerphilly county hotel has been given a life sentence.
People in Wales who have a chronic illness are more likely to experience fear, hopelessness and despair about their condition, research has found.
The Court of Arbitration for Sport (Cas) has lifted provisional bans on six Russian cross-country skiers.
The Clydesdale and Yorkshire Bank has set aside an extra £500m to compensate customers who were mis-sold interest rate hedging products.
A zebra has died after being shot with a tranquiliser dart at a golf course in Japan, police say.
Firefighters have been tackling a blaze at a derelict former hospital in Inverness.
French police have paid tribute to the victims of last week's attacks in Paris, in which 130 people were killed.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at Nigeria's decision to require all new police recruits to take a lie detector test.
A rare copy of Adolf Hitler's Mein Kampf, signed by the Nazi leader, is to be auctioned.
Archaeologists believe they have found ancient footprints on a Pembrokeshire beach that could date back thousands of years.
The former chief executive of Brazil's state-run oil company, Petrobras, has named more than 100 politicians he claims were involved in a corruption scheme.
Bolton Wanderers have re-signed Slovakian goalkeeper Tomas Rachubka on a one-year deal.
Jamaica is to build a new jail in the UK to house up to 1,500 prisoners who have been deported from the UK.
Hackers who stole $81m (Â£55m) from Bangladesh's central bank did not take basic security precautions because they used cheap hardware, investigators say.
Brighton & Hove Albion have signed Stoke City midfielder Steve Sidwell on loan until the end of the season.
Rangers defender Arnaud Foster was in the middle of a training session when a fan walked up to him and made a comment.
An Aberdeen-based engineering firm has announced plans to create 100 jobs in Brechin, Angus.
I'm looking forward to the challenge of playing against Liam Murray in the first round of Wimbledon, and I think he's the same way.
Universities in England are advertising higher tuition fees ahead of a vote by MPs on whether to allow an increase.
A man has been charged with causing death by dangerous driving after a man died following an incident in a Harrogate pub.
Mae Cwmni Datblygu Blaenau'r Cymoedd wneud penderfyniad terfynol ar gyfer Cylchffordd Cymru, yn ôl y datblygwyr.
Huddersfield boosted their Championship play-off hopes with a comfortable victory over Norwich.
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho says Sergio Aguero's absence from Sunday's derby against Manchester City will make the game "more difficult".
Former Stoke City boss Tony Pulis says players today are not as important as they were when he was in charge of the Potters.
Sri Lanka batsman Kumar Sangakkara has announced his retirement from Test cricket.
Celtic will be without two of their top forwards for Wednesday's Champions League qualifier against Rosenborg in Glasgow.
Dumfries and Galloway Council has "generally met its objectives" in supporting the development of the events sector in the region, according to a report.
Violence at a prison in Staffordshire where two inmates died last year was "significantly higher" than other jails in the area.
Ireland captain Rory Best says it would be a "massive honour" to follow Paul O'Connell as head coach under Joe Schmidt.
Hundreds of people are expected to turn out for this year's National Chainsaw Carving Championships in Scotland.
A body representing mosques and imams has said it is working to improve standards at madrassas after a teacher was convicted of cruelty against children.
It has been like a Shakespearean tragedy, I've been told, the battle between Boris Johnson and Michael Gove for control of the UK.
The UK's energy regulator has called on the big six energy suppliers to cut their prices.
DJ Calvin Harris is to headline this year's Lulworth Festival, organisers have announced.
St Helens' Sam Brookes has been banned for two weeks after admitting striking with his shoulder in Saturday's defeat by Newcastle Falcons.
The Grenfell Tower fire victims must be re-housed locally if necessary, Jeremy Corbyn has told MPs.
One of the world's leading developers of the Bitcoin virtual currency has said he is no longer involved in the project.
A motorcyclist has died in a crash in Lancashire.
A group of girls from Iran have won a medal at a science, technology, engineering and maths competition in the US.
Ospreys made it three wins from three in the Pro12 as they ran in nine tries to thrash an under-strength Toulon at Liberty Stadium.
The first minister has paid tribute to those who have helped keep Scotland going during the "extraordinary winter weather".
Sir Elton John has been diagnosed with an appendix abscess, his publicist has confirmed.
The row between Apple and the FBI over the use of encryption keys is the latest in a long line of disputes over the technology.
Deutsche Bank has said it expects the UK to vote for a Labour-led coalition government on 8 June.
Activity in the US manufacturing sector fell to its lowest level in more than two years in June, according to a closely watched survey.
On the 40th anniversary of one of the greatest sporting events of the 20th Century, the BBC's Hugh Kinsella Cunningham visited the stadium where Muhammad Ali fought in 1974.
In the centre of Camden, south London, there is a queue of people waiting to register to be rehoused in their new homes.
Homelessness is a big issue in the UK, and in the new series of The Only Way is Essex, a homeless man is about to be reunited with his family.
Aer Lingus has announced it is to end its summer flights from Dublin to Belfast and Dublin.
An explosion in the Turkish city of Diyarbakir has killed at least one person, the interior minister has said.
The Duchess of Cambridge has announced she is to give birth to her first child, a girl named Stella.
Two 16-year-old boys have been arrested on suspicion of the murder of a teenager who was stabbed to death in Manchester on Saturday.
Portadown will hope to maintain their slim hopes of avoiding relegation from the Premiership when they host Ballinamallard United on Saturday.
Pro-Ukrainian hackers have taken on the role of Russian cyber-thieves in the conflict in the east of Ukraine.
A man who tried to board a flight from Edinburgh Airport with more than 20 knives, CS gas canisters and knuckledusters has been jailed for six months.
Tata Steel has confirmed it is in advanced talks to sell its Scunthorpe steelworks.
Five-time major winner Phil Mickelson carded the lowest ever round of The Open at Troon to lie one shot off the lead at seven under.
The Olympic Park is set to open to the public on Friday, with thousands of people expected to travel to and from the Games.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed lower, with shares in Dixons Carphone and WH Smith among the biggest fallers.
There has been a sharp rise in the number of assaults on prison staff in England and Wales, new figures show.
Landowners have been given guidance on how to deal with irresponsible dog walkers.
One of the UK's leading charity campaigners is visiting the US to encourage people to sign up to the country's bone marrow registry.
The Welsh Government's budget for 2017/18 is due to be unveiled later.
A lorry has crashed into the side of a house, causing major disruption to rail and road services.
England prop Alex Corbisiero has been called up to the British and Irish Lions squad to replace injured Cian Healy on their tour of Australia.
The US Department of Justice (DOJ) has launched an investigation into a Malaysian state investment fund, 1MDB, which it says was looted of billions of dollars.
Glasgow City Council has approved plans to build more than 100 new homes in the Govanhill area.
The price of oil has fallen below $30 a barrel for the first time in more than a decade.
The decision to temporarily close a scheme which helps young people find jobs in Wales has been criticised by the Conservatives.
Tens of thousands of people have taken part in rallies across the UK in protest at the election of Donald Trump as US president.
Two men have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was found with serious head injuries.
MSPs are to hold an inquiry into the gender pay gap in Scotland.
The family of a 92-year-old woman has criticised a hospital trust after she was kept in an emergency department for eight hours.
French far-right leader Marine Le Pen's party, the National Front (FN), has been accused of defrauding the European Parliament out of more than €2m (£1.6m; $2.8m).
The UK is to introduce an economic test on the right to settlement for non-Europeans who work in the country.
The Royal Yacht Britannia has been rated the best tourist attraction in Scotland for 10 years in a row.
London Underground (LU) drivers have rejected a pay offer from the Aslef union in a row over rosters for all-night services.
A Victorian fort in Pembrokeshire is set to reopen to the public next month.
Residents in Wrexham are being rehoused after their homes and streets were flooded during Storm Desmond.
Israeli prosecutors have charged former Prime Minister Ehud Olmert with fraud and breach of trust in a corruption case.
The European Union is holding emergency talks in Brussels in an attempt to reach a deal to end the migrant crisis in Greece.
The UK has warned its citizens not to travel to the US states of North Carolina and Mississippi because of new laws that discriminate against LGBT people.
Gillingham chairman Paul Scally says the club will not be able to continue playing at their current stadium if they do not move to a new site.
A murder investigation has been launched after a man was found dead at a house in the Glenrothes area of Glasgow.
Ipswich Town moved out of the League One relegation zone with a hard-fought win at Derby County.
The best way to throw a piece of paper into a bin is to release it at the slowest possible speed, say scientists.
Batsman Samit Thornton has signed a new three-year contract with Championship side Berkswell.
Vote Leave is offering a £50,000 prize to the first person to correctly predict the result of all 51 games in the Euro 2016 football finals.
The Met Office has issued a yellow "be aware" warning for ice across Scotland on Saturday night.
Hibernian manager Neil Lennon expects the majority of his players to stay at the club after their promotion to the Championship.
Fifa vice-president Jeffrey Webb says he is not interested in succeeding Sepp Blatter as world football's governing body's president.
New fathers are often diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD), a condition that can lead to depression, anxiety and paranoia.
Newcastle United and Sky have dropped darts commentator Eric Bristow after he questioned the character of victims of child sex abuse in football.
A man and a woman have been charged with murder after a woman was stabbed to death in Bath.
The BBC is to launch an online "Ideas Service" to bring the best from Britain's cultural institutions and thinkers to the public.
The US home improvement giant Home Depot has reported better-than-expected sales for the fourth quarter, helped by a strong housing market.
Tranmere Rovers have signed Dale striker Nyal Bell on a season-long loan deal.
A court in Turkey has begun hearing evidence in the trial of eight people accused of involvement in a coalmine disaster that killed more than 1,000 people.
The so-called Islamic State (IS) will "fall and will fall soon" in the Iraqi city of Mosul, Michael Fallon says.
Andy Murray and Marcelo Melo beat Marin Cilic and Dusan Dodig 6-4 6-3 to reach the Monte Carlo Masters final.
A 23-year-old man has appeared in court charged with making an explosive device at a London Underground station.
A court in India has sentenced five policemen to life in prison for killing a group of Sikh men in 1993.
A leading education expert has called for a radical rethink of the way Chinese children are educated.
Employees' representatives could be invited to give their views on the impact of high levels of executive pay on the wider workforce.
A shipyard that went into administration last year has been bought out by a private equity firm.
A new reconstruction of the last known movements of a teenager who was murdered in Manchester more than 40 years ago has been released.
The family of a teenager killed in a crash have said their hearts have been "utterly broken" by her death.
Six members of the Department of Housing's board of directors have resigned.
Chelsea have appointed Guus Hiddink as their interim manager for the rest of the season, following the sacking of Jose Mourinho.
Britain's Naomi Broady and Heather Watson were beaten 6-3 6-2 by Chan Yung-sook and Chan Tsoi in the final of the China Open in Beijing.
Australia thrashed defending champions New Zealand to win the Four Nations title at Anfield.
A surf lagoon in Snowdonia has been forced to close for three months due to a "serious failure" in its machinery.
A campaign has been launched to save a Grade II-listed mill's clock tower after it was destroyed by fire.
The new vice chancellor of Oxford University has said there is a "crucial distinction" between radical ideas and incitement to violence.
The Hurt Locker has won the top prize at the New York Film Critics Circle Awards for best film.
The chief executive of Dumfries and Galloway Council is among three senior staff who are leaving the authority.
World number one Lydia Ko is in contention for a second Women's PGA Championship title after a second-round 69 at the Safeway Open.
The chief executive of BT's Openreach division, Joe Garner, is to take up the same role at the Nationwide building society.
Kilmarnock have signed Liam Waters from Alloa Athletic for an undisclosed fee on a two-year deal.
Governors of a Gwynedd secondary school have written to the council to express their opposition to plans for a new campus.
A man has been jailed for 12 years for his part in a gang smuggling eight handguns into the UK from the Netherlands.
The US space agency's New Horizons spacecraft has successfully performed its final thruster burn ahead of its historic flyby of Pluto.
England fly-half Danny Cipriani will return to Wasps from Sale Sharks for the 2016-17 season.
Plans for a new nuclear power plant in Somerset have been put on hold after the government said it would review the project.
Grimsby Town came from behind to beat Aldershot Town and move up to third in the National League.
McDonald's in Japan says it could run out of French fries by the end of the year.
Wales scrum-half Jamie Roberts will make his Cambridge debut in Saturday's Varsity match against Oxford.
Judges in England and Wales could be given tougher sentences for sexual offences such as voyeurism, under new proposals.
Wigan Athletic have signed Manchester United striker Rhys Powell on a three-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Austria's new prime minister has said he is open to working with the country's far-right Freedom Party if certain conditions are met.
When Jordan Spieth was 10 years old, his father took him to his father's golf club shop and offered him a bargain: if he won the Masters, he would buy his father a new car.
People who have not yet renewed their tax credits can do so online until Sunday night, the tax authority has said.
Northampton Town manager Chris Wilder has been named as Bolton Wanderers' new manager on a two-year deal.
Washington Capitals head coach Mike Johnston was left frustrated by his side's failure to make it two wins out of two in the Elite League this weekend.
The world's largest container ship has docked at the Port of Felixstowe for the first time.
Glamorgan made a solid start to their Division Two match against Gloucestershire at Cardiff as the visitors were bowled out for 138.
The government has been accused of failing to deliver on its pledge to invest £415m in healthy-pupils schemes.
Jaguar Land Rover has confirmed that its next Defender model will be called the Defender, the first time the name has been dropped.
Southampton defender Virgil van Dijk will be available for the start of next season, says manager Claude Puel.
Akzo Nobel has rejected a second bid from US paint giant PPG Industries for the Dulux paint maker.
Glasgow City thrashed Inverness Caledonian Thistle 14-0 in the first round of the SWPL League Cup.
Yemen will run out of food aid "very soon", the Red Cross has warned, as fighting continues in the country.
Northern Ireland's only scheduled trans-Atlantic flight, between Belfast and New York, has been axed.
South Africa coach Orlando Mashaba has blamed the national team's poor form for their failure to qualify for the 2018 Africa Cup of Nations.
Russia has launched its own version of the online encyclopaedia Wikipedia, the Kremlin has announced.
At the end of the 2015-16 season, David Fearon was ready to give up on athletics.
Celtic and Dundee should not play in the United States, according to former Scotland international Kris Boyd.
A fifth man has been arrested in connection with a crash in Oldham in which a girl and her cousin were killed.
League Two side Macclesfield Town have signed Southampton midfielder Jack Gape on a season-long loan deal.
A five-year-old boy who ran a 5km race without his walking frame has been given a lifetime achievement award at the Yorkshire Awards.
Media coverage of climate change has dropped by more than a third in the last decade, according to a new report.
Former England midfielder Danny Ginola has launched his bid to become the next president of world football's governing body Fifa.
Defending champion Kerry Doherty will begin her bid to qualify for the World Championship at the Crucible Theatre against Kirsty Evans on 7 April.
It is not every day you get the chance to bowl at one of the world's most famous cricketers.
Burkina Faso coach Bruno Duarte says he is confident his squad for the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations in Gabon will not be affected by injury.
A police officer fired a Taser at a man who was about to set himself on fire, an inquest has heard.
Southern rail has withdrawn its offer to the RMT union in a bid to end a long-running dispute over driver-only trains.
Wildfires are continuing to burn in the US state of California, with more than 1,000 homes destroyed.
Southport have parted company with manager Steve Burr and assistant Gary Watson after a run of three straight defeats.
A California woman who was abducted and chained up last week had a "message" branded on her skin, a sheriff says.
Campaigners have launched a bid to reopen a swimming pool in Reading after it was closed due to a lack of funding.
Emoji quizzes are back and this week we're looking at some of the funniest ones.
The family of a police officer who died after her car crashed into a wall on a Swansea road have paid tribute to her.
Canada's Adam Hadwin won his first PGA Tour title with a one-shot victory at the Canadian Open in Calgary.
More than 100 people have signed a petition calling for an end to sectarian parades in Ardoyne, County Down.
An oak planted by suffragettes more than 100 years ago has been named Scotland's Tree of the Year.
Olympic silver medallist David Irvine has announced his retirement from cycling.
Manchester United's Ashley Young says manager Louis van Gaal has given him the confidence to play for England again.
India's controversial Kudankalum nuclear power station in Tamil Nadu state has become operational, state media report.
The coroner for Greater Manchester has said he will write to the government about the safety of hospital services at weekends.
Ospreys head coach Steve Tandy says there are "question marks" over the officiating in their Pro12 defeat by Munster on Saturday.
The UK's only nuclear submarine base will remain in special measures for at least three more years because of "increasing demands", a report has said.
A man wanted in connection with a fatal stabbing in Dumfries and Galloway has been found.
A 13-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of sexually assaulting two girls in a park.
Birmingham City have won their appeal against the red card shown to Sam Adams in their defeat at Fulham.
The bodies of a mother and her two-year-old son have been found in a house.
The Royal College of Nursing (RCN) is urging hospitals to allow dogs and other animals on wards.
An eating disorders charity is calling for a ban on the sale of laxatives to under-16s in the UK.
The UK's trade minister has told the BBC that he wants Britain to be as free and open as possible after it leaves the European Union.
A third man has been arrested in the Republic of Ireland as part of an investigation into the London terror attack.
Teachers' pay will be devolved to the assembly, Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns has announced.
A 17-year-old girl is in a critical condition in hospital following a crash between a car and a lorry in Dundee.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has opened a new exhibition at the former Auschwitz death camp in Warsaw, marking the 70th anniversary of the Holocaust.
The number of Syrian refugees resettled in Wales has risen by more than a third in the past year, with more than 200 arriving in the last 12 months.
The Duchess of Cambridge's fitness coach Jessica Ennis- Hill is taking part in a series of public events to encourage people to get active.
One person has been killed in a collision between a tank and a car taking part in a large-scale military exercise in Norway.
At the scene of the suicide bomb attack on a mosque in the north-eastern Nigerian city of Maiduguri, the BBC's Farouk Abubakar reports from the scene.
Police in Italy have seized more than €2bn (£1.8bn; $2.9bn) in assets from a notorious criminal who made millions by altering gambling machines.
Two Australian men have been sentenced to three years and eight strokes of the cane by a Singapore court for vandalising a train.
Plans for a £1.9m project to protect the heritage of the Snowdonia mountains have been given the go-ahead.
North Korea has strongly condemned the US missile strikes on a Syrian airbase, state media say.
Belfast Giants will host an all-star game to celebrate the club's 20th anniversary next year.
A British man has been arrested in Turkey on suspicion of terrorism, his lawyer has said.
Hundreds of people have attended a protest against plans to dig up a former burial ground to make way for the HS2 high-speed rail line.
Kent batsman Chris Stevens hit an unbeaten century to put his side in a strong position against Essex at Canterbury.
Lebanon's Hezbollah movement has offered "every possible and necessary aid" to the Syrian army, its leader has said.
Former SNP leader Alex Salmond has said the next Scottish independence referendum is likely to be held in 2018.
A large fire has broken out at a house in Oxfordshire.
A World War Two bomb has been found in a Lancashire park, prompting a controlled explosion.
Police officers in Powys are to be issued with body-worn cameras in a bid to improve transparency.
Comedian Eddie Izzard is to run 27 marathons in 27 days in South Africa.
Celtic's Allan McGregor would make a "no-brainer" move to Ibrox if offered the chance, according to the player's former Rangers team-mate Barry Ferguson.
A woman who died in police custody in Lancashire has been named by police.
Ireland head coach Joe Schmidt said he was "incredibly proud" of his players after they fought back from 17-0 down to beat Argentina in the Six Nations.
A Japanese father who left his seven-year-old son for five days has said he has forgiven him after the boy said he forgives him.
A pensioner has been given a community payback order after he was caught driving while more than four times over the drink-drive limit.
The owners of a derelict former hospital will not have to pay the £940,000 bill for restoration work carried out in 2011.
An Israeli police officer has been placed on forced leave after a video emerged showing him abusing a Palestinian lorry driver.
Manchester United midfielder Michael Carrick is the best player in English football, according to former manager Sir Alex Ferguson.
A temp agency has been accused of "appalling" and "demeaning" job ads for "sexy female assistants" on its website.
More than half of people in the UK do not believe in Jesus, according to a Church of England survey.
The graves of five children killed in an explosion at a Wrexham cottage 100 years ago have been discovered.
The daughter of the late Lord Janner has said it is an "outrage" that an inquiry into historical child sex abuse allegations will be led by someone who is now dead.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has been criticised for the violence he has caused at his rallies.
Children who read for pleasure as children are more likely to have better vocabulary later in life, a study has found.
Grimsby Town have signed Scunthorpe United defender Ben Davis on a two-year deal.
Here are some of the more unusual images of dogs and cats at polling stations across the UK on polling day.
Scottish Justice Secretary Michael Matheson is to hold a meeting to discuss the implications of the UK's vote to leave the European Union.
Aid workers have arrived in the Pacific islands of Vanuatu to help those affected by Cyclone Pam.
A man has been arrested in Germany on suspicion of murder after a woman was found with serious neck injuries in a city near Hannover.
Barnsley moved into the League One play-off places with victory over Coventry, thanks to goals from Joe Roberts and Luke Fletcher.
Bournemouth manager Eddie Howe says his side's poor run of form is not down to a lack of confidence.
When Mahatma Gandhi arrived at his new home in the northern Indian state of Rajasthan in the summer of 1946, he was greeted by a large crowd of people.
A man has been charged after two women were sexually assaulted at a block of flats in Edinburgh.
The Welsh government has been accused of "serious questions to answer" following the collapse of a communications company in Torfaen.
A former mayor has resigned after a taxi driver who had been convicted of four sexual assaults was granted a licence.
American Jason Dufner took a one-shot lead into the final round of the WGC-HSBC Champions event in Shanghai.
Cyclists have been banned from a Mansfield market place ahead of the Tour of Britain, a council has said.
Three Syrian refugees who helped police track down a suspected terror suspect in Leipzig, Germany, have been hailed as heroes by local media.
Household wealth in the UK increased by an average of Â£7,000 a year between 2006 and 2012, according to a new report.
Spain's left-wing Podemos (We Can) party has launched its campaign for June's general election, with the support of the governing Socialists (PSOE).
Liverpool have completed the signing of Aston Villa striker Christian Benteke for a fee that could rise to £40m.
An 18-year-old man has been arrested after a woman was raped at a railway station.
The chief executive of BP, Bob Dudley, has said that the low oil price is good for the company.
More than 100 pupils have been sent home from an academy in Wrexham after failing to meet uniform standards.
Bollywood director Sanjay Bhansali is to make a film on Indian boxer Mary Kom, she has announced.
The new Queensferry Crossing could open to traffic by May 2017, the project's boss has said.
Plans to change the law to make parents who smack their children liable for prosecution are "unacceptable", campaigners have said.
The BBC has been given permission to report from the southern Chinese town of Wukan, where there has been a wave of anti-government protests in recent weeks.
"The greatest thing that has ever happened in the history of the United States"
A Kent company has opened its first washing machine factory in the UK after receiving a £1.5m government grant.
US President Barack Obama has said he is "disappointed" with David Cameron's handling of the war in Libya.
The Court of Appeal in Belfast has rejected an appeal against a suspended prison sentence given to an IRA man during the so-called RUC shoot to kill.
North Korea has sentenced an American man to life in prison with hard labour for "hostile acts" against the state.
Motherwell midfielder Dom Thomas has joined League One side Dunfermline Athletic for an undisclosed fee.
Leigh Centurions secured their place in the Super 8s with a comfortable victory over Salford Red Devils.
Actress Sam Spiro is to reprise her role as Dame Barbara Windsor in a new BBC One biopic of the star's life.
Soldiers in Burkina Faso have taken control of the capital, Bouaké, in a second day of unrest over a pay dispute.
California Governor Jerry Brown has vetoed a bill that would have eliminated the state's so-called "tampon tax".
The UK economy is showing signs of recovery, Chancellor George Osborne has said in a speech to Conservative conference.
You don't have to be an expert in European politics to know that the EU summit in Brussels is a place where you don't want to be.
Plaid Cymru has published its manifesto for the assembly election, promising to cut preventable deaths by 25%.
Plans to build a new secondary school in Sheffield have been given the go-ahead.
Pig farmers in Scotland are facing a "cash negative situation" because of a fall in the price of pork, according to a farming body.
At the moment, there are plenty of people making goods that are good, but not good enough.
A gang of men who stole £1m worth of power cables from Network Rail have been jailed for a total of 18 years.
Pop star Justin Bieber has been sentenced to a year in jail for throwing eggs at his neighbour's home.
Inclusion is a word that has come a long way since the days of the suffragette movement.
Leigh Centurions have appointed former St Helens assistant coach Keiron Cunningham as their new director of rugby.
Tributes have been paid to Rod Temperton, the songwriter behind Michael Jackson's Thriller, who has died.
England one-day international Sarah Taylor has announced her retirement from international cricket.
Striker Kenneth Zohore scored his first goal of the season as Cardiff City opened their Championship campaign with a hard-fought win at Burton Albion.
A man has appeared in court charged with causing death by dangerous driving after a woman was killed by a bus.
Stars of the Star Wars franchise have paid tribute to Carrie Fisher after she suffered a heart attack on a flight.
Safety cameras are to be installed on a stretch of the M74 as part of a £1.2bn motorway upgrade project.
Moeen Ali hit an unbeaten 68 to put England in a strong position against South Africa on day three of the third Test at Old Trafford.
The sport of amputee football has been going for many years south of the border and now a charity is trying to form a Scotland-wide league.
Three soldiers killed in a roadside bomb blast in Afghanistan were unlawfully killed, a coroner has ruled.
Ospreys captain Alun Wyn Jones says it will be "nice" to have a new contract with the Welsh Rugby Union (WRU).
Gardeners' World presenter Don Warrington says supermarkets are taking over the market for home garden plants.
A diver has been airlifted to hospital after getting into difficulty in the sea off the west coast of Scotland.
Oscar Pistorius has told his murder trial that he tried to save the life of his girlfriend, Reeva Steenkamp, after she was shot in the head.
Israeli police have launched an investigation into the alleged price-fixing of trips for high school students to Auschwitz-Birkenau.
Stuart McCall's first game in charge of Bradford ended in a draw as they drew with Oldham.
Former Netherlands midfielder Wesley Sneijder has joined French Ligue 1 side Nice.
Dover moved to within a point of the National League play-off places with a convincing victory over Chester.
Hundreds of people have attended a protest in Falmouth against plans to build up to 1,000 new student homes.
Motorists are being warned to expect delays as work gets under way on the M8 motorway upgrade project.
Plans for a treatment centre for drug addicts in Rhosddu have been announced.
Ed Miliband has said he will not give in to SNP demands if the price of power was doing a deal with the party.
The number of weddings held in the Scottish town of Gretna last year increased by more than a third on the previous year.
A mother who went missing with her three-year-old son has been urged by police to contact them.
Councillors in Pembrokeshire have voted to hold a second consultation on the future of two schools in the town.
Hospitals are one of the biggest employers in the UK, but they are also some of the worst for children.
The family of a Cardiff boy who was mauled to death by a neighbour's dog has been awarded £20,000 in compensation.
An 18-year-old man has died after falling from a statue.
UK house prices rose by 9.5% in 2015, the fastest rise since 2006, according to the country's largest mortgage lender.
A flag flown by Admiral Lord Nelson during the Battle of the Somme has been found in a cupboard at a Powys castle, its owner has said.
A British student has been jailed for three years in the United Arab Emirates for possessing cocaine.
The police have handed over to a US university a collection of interviews with a former loyalist prisoner who was killed in the Troubles.
Russian weightlifter Evgeny Artykov has been stripped of his Olympic bronze medal after failing a drugs test.
Moussa Antonio scored twice as Nottingham Forest twice came from behind to draw at Watford in the Championship.
It is "more important than ever" to spread the message of togetherness and unity at Christmas, the first minister has said.
Golf's Olympic future could be at risk if the PGA Tour does not comply with new anti-doping rules, says the sport's governing body.
You know the one where you say, "I don't want to be associated with that person any more".
CCTV footage of the police raid on the Lindt Cafe in Sydney has been released to the coroner's inquest into the death of the gunman.
Four decommissioned Royal Navy frigates have been sold to ship recyclers.
Salford Red Devils have signed Wales international Tyrone McCarthy for the 2016 Super League season.
A 23-year-old man has died after falling from a cherry picker at a Lincolnshire factory.
Syria has submitted the final part of its chemical weapons stockpile to the international watchdog overseeing the destruction of the weapons.
A new treatment for cystic fibrosis could extend the lives of thousands of patients, doctors say.
A bookshop dubbed one of the best in the world is facing a £5,000 repair bill because of structural problems.
The Ulster Farmers' Union (UFU) has welcomed Asda's decision to increase the price it pays for milk in Northern Ireland.
The government's plan to give English MPs an effective veto on laws exclusively affecting England has been defeated in the House of Lords.
A man who posted "vile" comments on Facebook about the mother of a boy found dead in Fife has been jailed for six months.
The Cypriot parliament is to vote on whether to accept the terms of a bailout deal agreed with the EU and IMF.
Two climbers have climbed to the summits of St Kilda and Stac an Armin, the last inhabited islands in the Western Isles.
More than 13,000 drivers have been caught by a Cardiff speed camera since it was installed in 2012.
The inquests into the deaths of 22 people killed in the Manchester Arena attack have been opened and adjourned by a coroner.
The Department of Infrastructure (DRD) has been found to have breached its duty of care after a construction firm lost out on a multi-million pound contract.
Mae cynllunio amlinellol wedi cael ei gymeradwyo i ddatblygu ardal i'r gogledd a'r de o Ffordd Ystumllwynarth yng Nghymru.
A Derbyshire GP who carried out a series of "brutal and sustained" knife attacks on patients has had his jail term increased from four to eight years.
Two disabled people have taken the government to court over delays in their disability benefits.
Prime Minister Theresa May has defended the government's record on tax as she faced questions from opposition MPs for the first time since the Panama Papers leak.
Shots have been fired in the centre of the German city of Stuttgart, killing one person and injuring another.
Teachers' unions in Northern Ireland have rejected a pay offer from the Department of Education.
More than half of nurseries and childminders say they will not be able to provide free childcare under government plans, a survey suggests.
Scientists have solved the mystery of why flamingos stand on one leg.
An 18-year-old woman has been arrested in connection with the death of a woman in a hit-and-run in Dundee.
The Rail, Maritime and Transport (RMT) executive has accepted a pay offer for staff on the new Night Tube service.
The mother of Madeleine McCann, who went missing in Portugal in 2007, has set off on a bike ride from Scotland to London.
A Canadian woman has been arrested in Turkey on suspicion of insulting the president, her lawyer says.
A search has been carried out for a man reported to have fallen from the Broughty Ferry Bridge in East Lothian.
Plans for a £1bn shopping and restaurant complex have been given the go-ahead by councillors.
A group of Latin American countries has condemned Venezuela's Supreme Court's decision to disband the opposition-controlled National Assembly.
Councils in Wales will not be allowed to raise council tax to pay for social care, the Welsh government has said.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being attacked by two men in a Leicestershire park.
Edinburgh and Glasgow airports have reported strong growth in passenger numbers for the first three months of 2017.
The head of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) has warned that the global economy is "at a delicate juncture".
It was a day when Europe's finance ministers looked like they were on the verge of a crisis.
Two men have appeared in court in Zimbabwe over the killing of a lion on a farm near the capital, Harare.
A group of Canadian servicemen have been accused of racism after they were seen carrying a British flag at a military ceremony in Ottawa.
Labour has held on to Tatton in Cheshire, with the party increasing its majority in the constituency.
At least 20 people have been killed in a car bomb attack in the Syrian capital, Damascus, the state news agency Sana says.
A double-decker bus has crashed into a metal barrier over the Jed Water in North Lanarkshire.
A man has been jailed for life for the murder of an escort whose body was found in a suitcase in West Bromwich.
Greenhouse gas emissions in Scotland have fallen for the fourth year in a row, according to official figures.
How did King Arthur come to be, who was he and why is he so popular?
Plans for the HS2 high-speed rail link between London and Birmingham have been described as "arrogant" by a campaign group.
A lorry driver who killed a three-year-old girl and seriously injured her mother in a crash has been jailed for six years.
Sports Direct boss Mike Ashley has accused MPs of being "deliberately antagonistic" after he failed to attend a Commons hearing.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a woman who was set alight at her home in Stockport.
An office in a tree in central London is to be opened to the public for £1 a day.
Australia's new Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has dropped knighthoods and damehoods from the royal honours list.
The New England Patriots came from behind to beat the Seattle Seahawks 34-28 in the Super Bowl in Houston, Texas.
A Welsh actor who played Star Wars' Darth Vader in the latest film has been honoured at the London Film Festival.
Championship side Leeds United have signed AC Milan midfielder Milan Benedicic on a two-year deal.
A construction worker has told BBC Wales the cost of an arts centre in Gwynedd has gone over budget by more than £10m.
When we arrived at the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge in the US state of Oregon we were met by armed guards who told us they were there to protect the public.
A charity set up in memory of a teenage girl who was murdered 16 years ago is to close.
A man in his 50s has died after being hit by a car in Kilkeel, County Londonderry.
A group of protesters have confronted the outgoing Orangeman priest, Fr Michael Donegan, during a parade in north Belfast.
Anheuser-Busch InBev's bid to buy rival SABMiller has been rejected as "very substantially undervalues" the brewer.
An all-white humpback whale known as Migaloo has been spotted making its way up Australia's east coast for the first time.
Scotland faces "tough choices" over public spending in the coming days, Deputy First Minister John Swinney has warned.
A Danish court has sentenced a former journalist to 18 months in jail for selling details of royal honeymoons to a national magazine.
Sunderland defender Chris Andrew has had his 12-match ban for elbowing Manchester United's Sam Allardyce reduced to two games.
Former England batsman James Taylor and former Northants batsman David Sales have joined Northamptonshire's coaching staff.
Former Manchester United winger Nani says he is confident Valencia can recover from their poor start to the season.
Manchester City goalkeeper Joe Hart's future is a "big concern" for England manager Sam Allardyce.
Liam O'Shea scored a late winner as Chesterfield came from behind to beat Port Vale and boost their League One survival hopes.
China's imports fell by more than expected in September, adding to concerns about the health of the world's second-largest economy.
A man has been found guilty of making racially aggravated comments about Gina Miller on Facebook.
The number of people killed on the roads in England and Wales rose by almost 40% in the year to September 2015, according to the Association of Motorists.
More than two-thirds of Scottish firms believe Brexit will have a negative impact on their business, according to a survey by the Fraser of Allander Institute.
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho has no new injury worries ahead of Saturday's Premier League game against Chelsea at Old Trafford.
Alain Juppe, the centrist candidate in France's centre-right presidential primary, has said his proposals would be "more credible" than those of his rival.
Playing with a baby can improve the child's cognitive development, according to a study in the British Journal of Psychiatry.
Prime Minister David Cameron has said he is "proud" of the free school meals system in England, despite speculation it could be under threat.
Bins could be collected three times a week in Pembrokeshire in a bid to save money, councillors have been told.
A man in the US state of California has been sentenced to 15 years in prison for killing 18 cats and wounding three.
A non-league football club has become the second in the UK to go vegan.
Dundee have signed former Motherwell and Greenock Morton midfielder Paul van Zanten on a one-year deal.
World number one Novak Djokovic will face Dominic Thiem in the French Open semi-finals on Friday after world number one Serena Williams lost in the quarter-finals.
MSPs on Holyrood's finance committee have backed plans to change the bands of council tax in Scotland.
Hull City striker Tony Mowbray could make his first start of the season after recovering from a hamstring injury.
Manchester City are interested in signing West Brom defender Jonny Evans, reports BBC Radio 5 live.
Hundreds of people have attended the funeral of a World War Two airman who was involved in the Dambusters raids.
Britain's Rebecca Adlington missed out on a long jump gold medal at the IAAF World Indoor Championships in London.
A British man who was on board a train when a gunman opened fire in Brussels has spoken of the horror of the attack.
A Galapagos tortoise has died at the age of 83 after a long battle with arthritis.
The United States women's football team will be honoured with a parade in New York City on Saturday, the city's mayor has announced.
A funeral has been held in the Republic of Ireland for a boy and his brother who were found dead in their home last week.
A former Hungarian police officer has been jailed for eight years for sexually assaulting a child under 13.
Plans for a new £10m post-16 centre for young people in Torfaen have been approved.
A set of photographs showing the aftermath of World War Two raids on the Mohne and Edersee dams in Germany have sold for more than double their estimate.
A Dumfries and Galloway butcher has come up with an unusual way to celebrate Easter.
West Brom boss Tony Pulis says Saido Berahino's future at the club is "over" after the striker scored in their 1-0 win at Stoke.
A Russian maestro has given a concert in the ancient Syrian city of Palmyra to protest against the actions of Islamic State (IS) militants.
The Metropolitan Opera in New York has cancelled a performance of an opera about the hijacking of a cruise ship by Palestinian militants, citing concerns about anti-Semitism.
New Kilmarnock manager Lee Clark wants the Scottish Championship to regain its "wow factor" after his side moved to the top of the table.
The UK government has sent a "disappointing" message to the rest of the world on climate change, a leading climate scientist has said.
A robot in Japan can read and write as well as humans, according to its creator, Prof Yuko Arai.
Militants in Syria say they have captured the pilot of a military jet that crashed in the north-eastern province of Idlib on Sunday.
Former England head coach Stuart Lancaster is interested in the Toulon job, BBC Sport understands.
The man who has provided the voice of Muppet Kermit the Frog for more than 30 years is to step down from the role.
Police investigating the death of a 23-year-old man in Wishaw have said they believe the answer to his death lies in the local community of Larkhall.
A drilling rig has run aground on a beach on the Isle of Lewis, the Scottish government has confirmed.
A driver who admitted causing the death of a teenager in a crash while more than twice the drink-drive limit has been jailed for four years.
Widnes Vikings can "really turn this year around" if they can end their seven-game winless run, according to assistant coach Chris Betts.
Aston Villa manager Steve Black says he had no choice but to drop midfielder Christian Benteke after the player refused to play for the club.
A house in Londonderry has been set alight in the early hours of the morning.
The Welsh Conservatives and Plaid Cymru are set to launch their election manifestos on Thursday, with both promising to cut spending.
A swan which was shot in Fife has been released back into the wild after being cared for by the Scottish SPCA.
A new body has been set up to oversee the registration and regulation of non-formal education workers in Wales.
Saudi Arabia is expected to execute dozens of people in the coming days, according to reports in two local newspapers.
League Two side Wycombe Wanderers have signed former Wigan Athletic midfielder Jordan Morgan-Smith on a one-year deal.
A group of zebras have escaped from a ranch in the US state of New Mexico.
Four men have been airlifted to safety after getting into difficulty on a cliff on Skye.
An MP who was questioned by police over his involvement in an independence campaign will not face any further action.
The Welsh Conservatives are the only party in a position to win an overall majority in the assembly election, the Welsh government has said.
Reading for pleasure can improve the mental and physical health of people, a report says.
Formula 1 team principal Christian Horner says Silverstone should not have signed a contract to host the British Grand Prix after 2019.
A new camera has been installed at a lifeboat station in south Wales to help staff assess sea conditions.
United Airlines is offering millions of dollars in rewards to hackers who report security holes in its websites.
Tommy Boyce scored twice as Ross County came from behind to beat 10-man Inverness Caledonian Thistle.
A new study has found that horses' heart rates rise when they see angry or happy faces.
More than 100 motorists have been tested for drink driving in north Wales in the past six months, police have said.
Two men have been taken to hospital after being attacked in a street in East Lothian.
Atletico Madrid missed the chance to go top of La Liga for the first time this season as Charles' late goal saw them lose 2-1 at Real Sociedad.
Ben Davies scored the only goal as Tottenham beat Aston Villa to reach the fourth round of the FA Cup.
Insurance broker Royal Sun Alliance is to close its office in Birmingham, with the loss of up to 190 jobs.
Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson says his players have "created a record" by winning 25 of their first 30 Premier League games.
The NHS in Wales is to fund a six-month trial of an HIV prevention drug called Prep.
A Russian long jumper has been cleared to compete at the Rio Olympics after winning an appeal against her ban.
Social housing contributed £1.1bn to the Welsh economy in 2014/15, according to a new report.
More than 600 extra staff have been hired for the Night Tube, Transport for London (TfL) has said.
A wood fire which has been burning for more than a month has been brought under control in Cardiff.
The public inquiry into historical child abuse should be scrapped and replaced with a "stronger" body, an MP has said.
The Daily and Sunday Politics are on-air seven days a week for much of the year reporting the news from Westminster and beyond.
There has been a big rise in the number of black teenagers applying for university places in England, figures from admissions service Ucas show.
Hull KR fought back from 22-0 down at half-time to deny Halifax a first Super League win of the season.
A six-month-old boy who died of sepsis was not sent to hospital for treatment, an inquest has heard.
A seven-year-old girl has written to a council asking it to make a disabled swing for her twin brother at a new park.
The granddaughter of Peggy O'Hara has defended the paramilitary theme at her grandmother's funeral.
JogScotland has said it is "deeply concerned" by the Scottish government's decision to cut £50,000 from its budget.
DUP candidate for East Belfast, Gavin Robinson, has told the BBC he is "not afraid" of dogs, despite the fact that he lives on a council estate.
A fourth Met Police officer has been sacked for leaking information about a row at the gates of Downing Street.
Gemma Arterton is in talks to star in a musical version of the film Made in Dagenham, its producers have confirmed.
England's collapse on the final day of the first Test against Pakistan in Abu Dhabi was not down to the pitch.
A man and his nephew have been jailed for stealing more than 100 sheep from farmers.
The Greek prime minister has said that the "vicious circle" of sanctions and Cold War rhetoric against Russia is not productive.
Team Sky boss Sir Dave Brailsford says he is "not proud" of the way he dealt with the controversy over the use of banned substances.
A prominent Russian journalist, Alexander Tsilikin, has been found stabbed to death in his flat in St Petersburg.
The crew of the hijacked American Airlines flight 4U 9525 have spoken for the first time about their last moments on board the plane.
The "potentially perilous state" of British policing has been highlighted in a report by the police watchdog.
Accrington Stanley have signed Fulham defender Tomas Rodak on loan until the end of the season.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed lower, with energy and advertising firms among the biggest fallers.
Two Canadian teenagers have pleaded not guilty to child pornography charges in connection with the death of a girl who took her own life last year.
Olympic bronze medallist Aneurin Bevan hopes to be fit for the Rio Games despite breaking his leg in a fall.
A man has died after the car he was travelling in crashed into a tree in Caithness.
The search for a man who went missing while out for a run in Powys has been called off.
Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho described his side's 1-0 defeat by West Ham as "football from the 19th Century".
The UN's special envoy to Syria has warned that a fragile ceasefire could collapse at any time.
Mae Plaid Cymru wedi dweud bod "angen i Gymru benderfynu ar ei dyfodol" yn dilyn cyhoeddiad ar annibyniaeth i'r Alban yng Nghymru.
British and Irish Lions wing George North says they need to "kick on" from their opening two matches of their tour of New Zealand.
A bomb disposal team has been called out after a device was found in Rotherham.
A song written for England's World Cup-winning side has been re-released more than 30 years after it was originally released.
The Bangladeshi government has sacked the head teacher of a school where he was subjected to a religious ritual for insulting Islam.
Environmental organisations in Northern Ireland have been told their funding is to be cut by more than 10%.
If you want to become a Michelin-starred restaurant owner in India, you need to know a thing or two about food.
Equiniti has become the first Scottish company to win a contract from Her Majesty's Passport Office for a cloud-based time and attendance system.
The US Coast Guard has widened its search for two teenage boys who went missing after their boat capsized off the coast of Florida.
Storm Abigail has been named by the Met Office, and it's expected to bring heavy rain and strong winds to parts of the UK.
The Orange Order is "stepping up to the mark" in its response to the Crumlin Road ruling, the organisation's chief executive has said.
Bristol City will begin work on their new Ashton Gate stadium in May, the club has confirmed.
There was a time when by-elections were a speciality of the Liberal Democrats, but not any more.
Roberto Martinez says he will "treasure this period" as Everton manager "forever" in a statement released by the club.
Newport County have signed midfielder Luke Compton and defender Lee Rigg.
As Wales prepare for Euro 2016, BBC Wales looks back at some of the most memorable moments in the country's football history.
Rome's city council has ordered the removal of padlocks attached to a bridge in the Italian capital, saying they are damaging the structure.
The wife of a British man who was murdered in India has been charged with his murder, police have said.
When Garry Ringrose makes his Six Nations debut for Ireland against Italy in Dublin on Saturday, it will be seen as the next Brian O'Driscoll.
Pop star Britney Spears has returned to London's O2 Arena for the first time since the Brit Awards in 2012, and it's fair to say she didn't disappoint.
Shinty promotion hopefuls Skye were held to a 1-1 draw by Argyll & Bute in the Scottish Premiership on Saturday.
Gawker Media has been ordered to pay $100,000 (Â£75,000) to former reality TV star Hulk Hogan after a video of him having sex with a woman was posted online.
SDLP MLA Seamus Mallon has given his backing to Colum Eastwood in the race to be the party's next leader.
The Malaysia Airlines flight MH17 crash in the Java Sea was the latest in a series of tragedies that have hit the aviation industry.
A Pablo Picasso portrait and a Van Gogh landscape have been sold at a New York auction for more than $300m (£200m).
The world's biggest pharmaceutical companies are turning to artificial intelligence (AI) to help them develop new drugs.
Wales suffered a shock 2-0 defeat by Portugal in their opening World Cup qualifier in Cardiff.
A six-year-old girl drowned in a Blackpool hotel swimming pool after being pulled from the water by a hotel guest, an inquest has heard.
An eight-year-old boy has died after he was allegedly tied to a donkey and beaten by a landowner in Pakistan's Punjab province, local media report.
Nottingham Panthers head coach Corey Neilson says the Elite League play-offs are "the hardest thing to win".
Two mental health wards in Cardiff have been closed because of a flu outbreak.
Fifa has asked Real Madrid for information on 51 players who were under the age of 18 when they signed them.
Chris Commons says he has "no plans" for the rest of the season after making his first appearance of the campaign in the Scottish Championship.
Drivers in a Leicestershire village have been caught speeding more than 600,000 times in the past year, according to a traffic group.
French energy group EDF has reported a net loss of €1.6bn (£1.3bn) for the year to the end of March.
Ronnie O'Sullivan says he does not want the pressure of being the world's top snooker player any more.
The BBC has signed a new three-year deal to broadcast the 2011 Six Nations Championship.
Steven Gerrard's final appearance for Liverpool ended with a song that summed up the feelings of the club's supporters.
Northern Ireland's justice minister has said he has been assured that the government will honour a promise to provide £1.5m to help deal with the past.
The Spanish government has moved to block a move by Catalan separatists towards independence from the rest of Spain.
A decision on a £50m development on a former airfield site in Guildford could be delayed, a councillor has warned.
Two Londonderry-based search and rescue organisations have been awarded grants totalling more than £31,000.
Sydney has marked the first anniversary of the siege at the Waverley cafe in which two people were killed.
Avon and Somerset's chief constable has returned to work after being cleared of misconduct.
The Football Association of England and Scotland have said they will allow their players to wear poppies on armbands during Saturday's game against Northern Ireland.
The search for survivors of a Venezuelan military helicopter that crashed on Thursday is continuing, the country's defence minister has said.
A body found in a wooded area in Wirral has been confirmed as that of missing mother-of-three Stephanie Stevenson.
Keaton Jennings hit his first Championship century of the season as Durham were bowled out for 256 by Somerset on day two at Chester-le-Street.
Newcastle United have been banned from keeping any material seized in a tax fraud investigation, a judge has ruled.
Belfast City Council has agreed to write to the secretary of state, MLAs and MPs in a bid to protect schools from budget cuts.
League One side Blackpool have signed former York City and York City midfielder Ben Davies on a one-year deal.
A petition calling for a referendum on directly elected mayors to be held in Bath and North East Somerset has received more than 6,000 signatures.
Malaysian police have found the body of a Brazilian medical officer who was abducted in Kuala Lumpur last month, in an oil drum.
A murder inquiry has been launched into the deaths of a mother and son who were shot dead at a flat in south-east London.
England head coach Mark Powell praised his side's performance after they beat Japan 2-0 to top their Euro 2017 group and reach the quarter-finals.
Hundreds of people have taken part in the annual Apprentice Boys parade in Londonderry.
Wakefield Trinity Wildcats have signed Warrington Wolves full-back Ben Westwood on a deal until the end of the season.
The so-called Islamic State (IS) militant group now has about 10,000 fighters in Iraq and Syria, the CIA has said.
Scientists have developed a mead which could help protect people from food poisoning.
The Northern Ireland Executive is being investigated by the European Commission over the way it deals with water.
Two memorials have been unveiled in Eastbourne and Hailsham to mark the 100th anniversary of the death of a World War One soldier.
A doctor who investigated Gulf War Syndrome has been awarded the Royal Society's Freedom of the City of London.
League Two side Bury have re-signed former Bournemouth and Portsmouth midfielder Matt Holland on a one-month loan deal.
Colombia has gone to the polls for a second round of presidential elections after the first round was inconclusive.
The director of the Marie Stopes clinic in Belfast, Ann Purvis, is to step down next month.
England's Jamie Simpson was beaten 4-2 by Egypt's Nour El-Kayed in the second round of the World Indoor Bowls Championships in Abu Dhabi.
Tommy Cummins scored twice as St Johnstone beat Hamilton Academical to reach the Scottish League Cup quarter-finals.
A man has been charged with murder after the body of a student was found in a burning car.
Scottish golfer Richie Ramsay has spoken of his disappointment at missing out on a chance to win his first major title at the Swedish Open.
Leinster extended their lead at the top of the Pro12 to six points with a hard-fought victory over Cardiff Blues.
First Minister Carwyn Jones has called for the UK to stay in the single market and customs union after it leaves the EU.
London Mayor Boris Johnson has said he will "get on with" introducing the Night Tube, despite union leaders saying it will not happen this year.
NHS Grampian has been told it needs to improve the standard of care for older people in its hospitals.
Sri Lanka has said it will not accept a UN-backed tribunal to investigate alleged war crimes during the civil war.
Paralympic gold medallist Katie Butterfield won Great Britain's first gold medal of the Rio Paralympics with victory in the women's F51 shot put.
Brexit Secretary David Davis has said there will be "no veto" for Wales in any negotiations over the UK's departure from the European Union.
Counterfeit antimalarial drugs may be killing millions of malaria patients around the world, a study suggests.
At least three people have died in Japan after choking on mochi rice cakes, local media report.
A second strike by teachers at an academy in Cumbria is due to begin on Thursday.
Two US states, the District of Columbia and Maryland, have filed a lawsuit against President Donald Trump, accusing him of accepting payments from foreign governments.
A police training centre has been given a £30,000 boost after it was paid for by money paid into the Proceeds of Crime Act.
Two schools in Telford have been placed in special measures by Ofsted.
A woman has admitted kidnapping her four-month-old son from his home in Shropshire.
Rangers have signed Lithuanian midfielder Tomas Zaliukas on a two-year deal.
The prime minister has revealed her Christmas plans, including watching Doctor Who and Agatha Christie on Christmas Day.
Australia says it is "a step closer" to allowing live cattle to be exported to China for the first time.
Police investigating the disappearance of an RAF serviceman have appealed for three teenagers to come forward.
Manchester United midfielder Bastian Schweinsteiger has been banned for three games after being sent off for elbowing.
Dinamo Bucharest will put the Romanian Cup on Patrick Ekeng's grave if they beat CFR Cluj in the final, the club has said.
The trial of former Chinese Vice-Premier Bo Xilai, accused of bribery, has dominated the front pages of state-run newspapers.
An 86-year-old man who has Parkinson's disease has said he will not be able to walk to his local church without help.
The Guernsey States spent more than £1.1m on advertising and promotion in the past year, according to new figures.
Bryony Gormley has won a silver medal in the women's trampolining in Rio.
Welsh Labour leadership contender Owen Smith has said he wants to be the party's next leader.
A former Catholic priest is to stand trial accused of abusing boys at Inverness Boys' School.
A schoolgirl who was shot in the head by the Taliban is to open Birmingham City Council's new library.
A senior Russian prison official has been arrested on suspicion of stealing millions of dollars by dismantling and selling off a government road.
The UN Security Council has agreed to send more than 200 police officers to Burundi to help tackle the country's political crisis.
A man has been jailed for causing the death of a police community support officer in a hit-and-run crash in Monmouthshire.
Leyton Orient were beaten for the first time this season as Jack Marriott's first-half strike gave Luton Town victory.
Olympic gold medallist Elinor Barker says British Cycling should be given more credit for her success at the Track Cycling World Championships.
Japanese car giant Toyota has agreed to help fund the development of a flying car, according to reports.
A 92-year-old woman facing deportation from the UK could take her case to the European Court of Human rights, her lawyer has said.
The prime minister has said the police service in Northern Ireland will be "properly resourced".
Super League player Chris Tickle is in a stable condition in hospital after being assaulted at a nightclub in Greater Manchester.
A Gloucestershire company has been fined £50,000 after a worker was crushed to death by a four-wheel drive machine.
Algeria midfielder Abdelhamid Mbolhi has joined Turkish Super Lig side Galatasaray for an undisclosed fee.
Plans to sell the site of a former Ceredigion secondary school to a developer have been put on hold.
Millwall missed the chance to go top of the League One table as they were held to a goalless draw by Colchester.
Tranmere Rovers boss Gary Hodges says his side have "underachieved by a country mile" after being relegated from the National League.
A photographer has been fined for taking a rare Ferrari out of the Mews in central London.
A Tanzanian trainee doctor has been inspired to turn motorcycle taxi drivers into life-savers by the number of road accidents in the country.
(Close): The FTSE 100 ended the day higher, boosted by housebuilders and a possible takeover by Goldman Sachs.
There is no evidence that women are more likely to ask for a pay rise than men, according to a study in the British Journal of Economics.
Police have released a CCTV image of a man they want to speak to in connection with an assault on a train in Moray.
Police investigating the Bloody Sunday killings have contacted more than 100 soldiers as part of their inquiry.
Bu farw'r ddau o ganlyniad i anafiadau y cawson nhw yn y digwyddiad ar faes Castell Martin ddydd Mercher.
A Sri Lankan court has sentenced a close ally of former President Mahinda Rajapaksa to life in prison for the murder of a politician.
National League side Grimsby Town have signed former Fulham and Luton Town defender David Lawless on a one-year deal.
One of Wales' biggest tourist attractions has been given more time to find a new source of income after it was told it would lose its Welsh Government funding.
A teenager in the US state of California has been arrested after jumping out of a plane and climbing down its wing.
Police investigating the death of a London woman whose remains were found in Edinburgh have appealed for information about her last movements.
Nine Britons have been arrested in Turkey on suspicion of trying to join militant groups in Syria, the BBC understands.
Italian rider Franck Petricola has died after a crash at the Isle of Man TT on Sunday.
Two men have been arrested in Dover on suspicion of preparing terrorist acts.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Geeta Pandey looks at a petition in India calling for women to be allowed into Hindu temples.
A woman who died after eating a strawberry sorbet on holiday in Greece died of an anaphylactic shock, an inquest has heard.
A 20-year-old man has been jailed for five years for indecently assaulting a 14-year old girl.
The number of people out of work in Scotland has risen for the second quarter in a row, according to official figures.
Hull City manager Steve Bruce says Robert Snodgrass will be out for six months with a knee ligament injury.
Formula 1 is home to some of the world's most famous drivers, but who are they and what do they look like?
Police are appealing for information after a woman was sexually assaulted in Dundee.
Vuelta a Espana leader Vincenzo Nibali has been cleared of dangerous driving after he was involved in a crash on stage 10.
Svetlana Vondrousova beat Johanna Kontaveit in straight sets to win her first WTA title of the season at the Aegon Classic in Birmingham.
A seven-year-old boy is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car.
The number of people dying from heart disease in Scotland has fallen by more than a third in the past decade.
A woman has died after being hit by a car in Greater Manchester.
Former Doctor Who stars Billie Piper and Peter Capaldi are to return for a special Christmas episode of the show.
Two rockets have been fired at the Israeli city of Eilat from the Sinai peninsula, Israeli police say.
It is 50 years since the first book was published in Australia, and it has still not been forgotten.
The first Gulf War, which took place in 1991, was seen by many in the West as the start of the end of the Middle East.
Protesters and police have clashed in the Irish capital, Dublin, in the second day of anti-austerity protests.
Gloucester have completed the signing of Wales and Ospreys hooker James Hook from Perpignan.
Chloe Grace Moretz has spoken out for the first time about being fat-shamed on set.
Plans for a biomass power plant and student accommodation in Norwich have been criticised by campaigners.
World number one Andy Murray says he does not know the exact date of his wedding, but he does know it will be in the next three weeks.
The final series of ITV's Broadchurch will see the return of David Tennant and Olivia Colman, the network has announced.
Dumfries and Galloway's Doonhams were celebrating a very special day in the history of the town in 1866.
The chief executive of an NHS trust criticised for failing to meet waiting time targets has resigned.
A road widening scheme has been criticised by police after a number of accidents.
The authors of a new report into the conflict in Ukraine say they were inspired by a report by Russian opposition politician Alexei Navalny.
Prisoners in Dumfries and Galloway are allowed to spend up to two weeks a year in a "rehabilitation cell".
John Duddy ran a fish and chip shop in Londonderry for more than 40 years.
Cigarette and tobacco with an estimated street value of more than Â£200,000 have been seized in Skegness.
Thousands of people have gathered in Edinburgh to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the city's New Year celebrations.
Up to 32,000 people in the German city of Augsburg are to be evacuated on Sunday after a World War Two bomb was found in the town.
A group of prehistoric reptiles known as the Dinocephalosaurus have never given birth, according to a new study.
The number of GPs working in Wales has risen for the first time in five years, according to the latest figures.
What do you do when things go well for one group of people but not for another?
The crew of a speedboat which crashed in Portsmouth were not wearing seatbelt harnesses or helmets, a report has found.
An inquest into the deaths of a father and son who died in a plane crash in France has heard the pilot may have mistakenly turned around.
Former Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond has said the UK's policy in Syria has been "a disaster from the start".
Prof Stephen Hawking is to deliver the BBC's Reith Lecture on black holes, in what is thought to be the first lecture by a British scientist.
More than 1,000 schools in England are in debt, according to government figures obtained by the Lib Dems.
Chile's government has apologised for the disruption caused by a 48-hour strike by airport ground workers.
Swedish police say they believe the submarine on which a Swedish journalist was travelling may have been deliberately sunk.
Citizens Advice has called on the energy regulator Ofgem to introduce a new rule to protect customers who receive "back-bills" for energy used more than a year ago.
A fatal accident inquiry into the death of a boy who was crushed by a headstone in a Glasgow cemetery has heard headstones were laid flat at the site.
For the first time, the Secret Intelligence Service, MI6, is taking on the James Bond image on the silver screen.
Profits at Dixons Retail, the owner of Carphone Warehouse, Currys and PC World, have risen by more than 10% following the EU referendum result.
Former New Zealand captain Brendon McCullum has been named as Middlesex's assistant head coach for the 2016 season.
China's Baosteel, the world's second-biggest steelmaker, has agreed to merge with another state-owned firm in a bid to cut costs.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has been praised for the way he managed his side in Saturday's FA Cup final.
In 1947, India was split into two new countries called Pakistan and Bangladesh.
The former chairman of the Independent Monitoring Commission (IMC), Lord Alderdice, has said he does not think the commission should return to Northern Ireland.
Egyptian giants Al Ahly were held to a 1-1 draw by Zambian side Zesco United in their Africa Cup of Nations qualifier in Alexandria on Saturday.
Ed Sheeran has announced he is taking a break from social media to focus on his music.
A boy who suffered severe brain injuries after being treated by two GPs and a paramedic has been awarded £2.3m in compensation.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp says his side's performance in the 3-1 Europa League final defeat by Sevilla was "50-60% of our usual quality".
Hundreds of students in the northern Indian state of Bihar have been caught on camera allegedly cheating in school exams.
James Pattinson took a career-best five-wicket haul as Australia beat West Indies by an innings and 95 runs in the first Test in Sydney.
Three scientists from the University of California, Los Angeles, have discovered a new class of drugs to treat diseases caused by roundworm parasites.
German industrial giants Siemens and Mitsubishi have increased their offer for the French rail and energy firm Alstom.
Hampshire batsman Michael Carberry has made his first appearance of the season after recovering from cancer treatment.
Lawyers for a council chief executive who won a £25,000 damages claim against a blogger have refused to say if the money has been given to the authority.
Jockey Tom Scuadmore won the Grand National at Aintree for the first time in his career on Saturday.
Bolton and Birmingham played out a goalless draw at the Macron Stadium.
England's preparations for Euro 2016 suffered a blow as they were beaten 2-0 by the Netherlands at Wembley.
Scunthorpe United manager Paul Swann has urged fans not to panic despite their recent poor run of form.
It has been 20 years since Italy and the Republic of Ireland played each other in a World Cup qualifier.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after a two-vehicle crash in Powys.
The 2017 Africa Cup of Nations will not be held in Libya because of the country's ongoing civil war, organisers have announced.
Thousands of people lined the streets of Leeds to watch the men's and women's half marathon.
Lily James has always wanted to be an action hero, but never thought she'd end up playing a zombie.
Ciara Mageean has been left out of the Northern Ireland team for next month's European Team Championships.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle manager John Hughes praised his side's second-half performance in their 1-1 draw with Dundee.
EastEnders has been spared any damage after a fire broke out during rehearsals to mark the soap's 30th anniversary this week.
The International Paralympic Committee (IPC) has congratulated India on its silver medal at the Rio Paralympics and urged the country to promote the rights of the disabled.
A social worker who viewed pornography while working for Essex County Council has been struck off for gross misconduct.
Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho has been in charge of the Premier League club for the second time, following his first spell at Stamford Bridge in 2008.
A 23-year-old man has appeared in court charged in connection with the murder of Karl Haugh in Kilkee, County Tyrone.
Sunderland winger Adam Johnson has been sacked by the club following his arrest on suspicion of sexual activity with a child.
A man from North Lanarkshire has been jailed for six months after being found guilty of defrauding the taxman out of more than £1m.
The chief executive of Barnet Council has resigned after hundreds of voters were turned away from polling stations on election day.
A woman from West Midlands has created a giant cake in the shape of a Land Rover engine to mark the car's two millionth production run.
The Liberal Democrats have changed the name of their general election campaign website after it was mistaken for a company run by Theresa May's great-grandfather.
Barcelona have agreed to pay a fine of €5.5m (£4.9m) over the signing of Brazilian forward Neymar in 2013.
Two US senators with pro-gun views have called for a review of the nation's gun laws after the Sandy Hook school shooting.
Shale gas extraction can be safely managed, according to a report commissioned by the government.
New York City's Liberty Island was evacuated after reports of a "suspicious package", officials say.
Taoiseach (Irish Prime Minister) Brian Cowen has apologised for his performance in a TV interview on Monday night.
Dundee United have signed striker Chris Herd on a two-year deal and striker Frank Nouble on a one-year contract.
Tottenham Hotspur and the Football Association are "a long way" from agreeing a deal to play home games at Wembley, according to the club's chairman Greg Dyke.
Coconut trees are one of the world's most iconic symbols of tropical beauty.
UK industrial production has fallen into recession for the second time in three years, according to the Office for National Statistics (ONS).
The UN High Commissioner for Human Rights has called for an independent investigation into the killing of five civilians in the Turkish city of Cizre.
Money advice service Money Advice Service has released its final instalment of a series of financial tips for 2016.
Families of the victims of the Hillsborough disaster will not be able to claim legal aid from the government, a coroner has said.
Australia will not offer Richie Benaud a state funeral following his death, Prime Minister Tony Abbott has said.
The US says it is sending 200 military personnel to Iraq to help in the fight against militants in the country.
The body of a man has been found off the coast of St Fergus in Moray.
UK house prices rose by more than expected in December, according to the UK's largest mortgage lender, Nationwide.
Britain's Andy Murray beat Australia's Nick Kyrgios in straight sets to reach the Australian Open semi-finals.
Former Inverness Caledonian Thistle manager John Christie has called for a change in the rules of Scottish football.
A man's body has been found after a fire broke out at a house in south-east London.
An 18-year-old man has been remanded in custody in the southern Indian city of Bangalore after he was accused of shooting dead a student and wounding another.
Coldplay have marked the end of the London 2012 Festival with a live performance in the bandstands of the UK.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at the history of tobacco.
Iran's President Hassan Rouhani has said the nuclear deal struck with world powers must lead to the "destruction" of the country's nuclear programme.
MSPs have criticised the financial management of Scotland's largest health board, saying it has a "culture of complacency".
A woman has died after the car she was travelling in was hit by a train in northern France.
A Nigerian teenager who was among the Chibok schoolgirls abducted more than two years ago has been reunited with her family.
Northern Ireland Football Association (IFA) fans who missed out on tickets for Euro 2016 are to be given access to a new online ticketing portal.
A record 33 Scots have been named in the Great Britain team for the 2016 Olympics in Rio.
The BBC's director in Iran has said there has been an increase in "interference and harassment" from the country's authorities.
First Minister Carwyn Jones has urged the UK government to take urgent action to resettle more unaccompanied refugee children in the UK.
Mali's government has asked MPs to provide military support to protect an endangered species of elephant from poaching.
Welsh Prime Minister Carwyn Jones is to attend the final parade of The Royal Welsh at the Principality Stadium.
Ukrainian Prime Minister Volodymyr Groysman has chosen a young woman to be one of his top advisers, sparking debate on social media.
A former mental health nurse has told BBC Inside Out North West she felt "unethical" and "sad" working for an NHS trust that failed to treat inmates with serious problems.
John McGinn has welcomed the chance to recharge his batteries as Dundee United look to end a run of poor form in the Championship.
There has been a steady stream of revelations over the past few years about the use of undercover police officers to infiltrate protest movements in England and Wales.
Telefonica and Hutchison Whampoa have said they will take legal action against regulator Ofcom over its plans to auction 4G spectrum.
Mexico's President Enrique Pena Nieto's Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) is on course to win a third term in office in Sunday's elections, electoral officials say.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic signing for Manchester United would be worth up to £50m to the club, BBC Sport has learned.
The first Caledonian MacBrayne (CalMac) hybrid ferry has been launched at the Ferguson Marine shipyard in Inverness.
The results of A-level and A-Level exams can have a huge impact on a student's future career.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed lower on the last trading day of 2015 as oil prices fell below $30 a barrel.
David Cameron will have to stand down at some point in the next Parliament, Work and Pensions Secretary Iain Duncan Smith has said.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks back at the year 2013.
The head of Saudi Arabia's religious police, Sheikh Abdulaziz al-Obeikan, has been sacked after criticising the government's policies towards women.
Tesco has agreed to sell its US food chain Fresh & Easy to Yucaipa in a deal worth Â£150m.
An Australian health official has been appointed as the new chief executive of Wales' largest health board.
Former Northern Ireland midfielder Dean Shiels has joined Major League Soccer side FC Edmonton on a two-year deal.
Rihanna has teamed up with Sir Paul McCartney and Kanye West on a new single, Four Five Seconds.
The chief of police in the US city of Baltimore has been removed from his post because of the city's high crime rate.
The number of prescriptions given for Roaccutane, an anti-wrinkle drug, has more than trebled in the past three years, NHS figures show.
The Peruvian army says it has captured two members of the Shining Path rebel group.
Organisers of the CarFest festival have said the event will go ahead despite the death of a pilot who was killed when his Folland Gnat aircraft crashed.
The Afghan Taliban leader, Mullah Akhtar Mansour, has been killed in a US drone strike, Afghan officials say.
US President Donald Trump is set to announce his decision on the future of the war in Afghanistan on Wednesday.
(Close): London's leading shares closed higher on Tuesday, boosted by positive economic data from the United States and Japan.
Robbie Burns' world title win was the culmination of a remarkable turnaround in fortunes.
Myanmar's military says a UN report accusing it of carrying out abuses against the Rohingya Muslim minority was "wrong".
Victims of crime in England and Wales are not getting the help they need, the police and crime commissioner has said.
An Australian author says she was taken aback when she received an email telling her she had won a $1m (£700,000) prize.
A 102-year-old German woman has finally been awarded her doctorate, almost 80 years after she was denied entry to the exam because of her Jewish ancestry.
Stoke City have signed midfielder Steve Sidwell from Fulham for an undisclosed fee.
A 25-year-old woman has appeared in court charged with causing serious injury by dangerous driving after a crash in Fife.
The number of homes repossessed in the UK has fallen for the second quarter in a row, according to lenders.
The Labour Party has won the Bridgend West and Neath Port Talbot seat in the 2016 general election.
The leader of Leicestershire County Council is taking me on a tour of the council's new headquarters in Melton Mowbray.
Worcestershire batsman Daryl Mitchell has been elected as the new chairman of the Professional Cricketers' Association.
One of the UK's largest travel companies is to stop offering tours that involve animals in zoos.
Lionel Richie is to headline a series of shows in Las Vegas next year, with tickets going on sale next week.
A wildlife charity has called for a ban on fishing in a lake in East Sussex after an increase in the number of injured birds.
The British and Irish Lions' tour of New Zealand has been described as one of the best in the history of the game.
Vigilante groups targeting paedophiles should be banned, Kent Police has said.
Swansea City head coach Paul Clement says his side must respond quickly to their 2-0 defeat by Bournemouth at Vitality Stadium.
Work has been suspended at a recycling plant in Bridgend county after a large fire at the site.
Highland Council is to carry out repairs to public toilets in Uig and Skye after complaints about people urinating and defecating outdoors.
Mae crwner wedi marw ar 21 Rhagfyr yn Aberystwyth i'r casgliad bod ei marwolaeth yn un damweiniol.
Cardiff Devils forward Joey Haddad has signed a one-year contract extension with the Elite League champions.
Moeen Ali scored an unbeaten half-century to help England take control of the second Test against West Indies.
MPs have criticised Rupert Murdoch over the phone-hacking scandal, saying he should have been "more forthcoming" with victims.
The parents of a couple who died of cancer within days of each other have spoken of the "horrifying" way their loved ones died.
A strike by Southern rail conductors has been extended for a third day.
Mae'r Heddlu'r Gogledd wedi cael eu gweld i ddweud nad yw'r ddau yn debyg bod yn teithio mewn car Citroen Zara.
The jury in the trial of a man accused of raping a man at a Glasgow church has been discharged.
Sweden's first six-hour working day experiment has ended, with the return of eight-hour shifts for some of the staff.
Ineos has said it is "confident" that the KG ethylene plant in Grangemouth will return to profit.
League One strugglers Braintree Town have signed Crystal Palace defender Jordan Houghton on loan until the end of the season.
The family of a baby from Bristol who has a rare form of meningitis have said they want to raise money for her care.
Hearts have signed former Manchester United left-back Joe Eckersley on a two-year deal.
The operator of Japan's crippled Fukushima nuclear plant has said it will need up to nine months to bring the power plant to ''cold shutdown''.
Private equity firm Liberty House has confirmed it will submit a bid for Tata Steel's UK steel operations on Tuesday.
The Vatican has not yet responded to France's nomination of a gay diplomat as its new ambassador to the Holy See.
Rangers beat Celtic 4-2 in a penalty shootout to win the Scottish Cup for the first time since 2007.
A mother and her partner have appeared in court charged with the murder of their toddler son.
The daughter of US actor Paul Walker is suing Porsche over the death of her father in a car crash.
Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto has promised to help artisans whose stalls were destroyed in an explosion at a fireworks market on Tuesday.
Scientists say they may have found a way to make a universal flu vaccine that can be given every year.
The state of readiness of inquests into dozens of killings in Northern Ireland in the 1970s and 1980s has been assessed by a judge.
On 26 March 2004, a powerful earthquake off the coast of Sri Lanka killed more than 3,000 people and injured more than 2,000 more.
The work and pensions secretary, Iain Duncan Smith, has said the prime minister should stick to his plan to curb benefits for EU migrants.
The world premiere of Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice has been described as "amazing" and "giddy" by fans.
The "inhumane" conditions at a high-security prison are down to the outsourced contractor Carillion, inspectors have said.
US President Donald Trump's daughter Ivanka has said she will "voluntarily follow all of the ethics rules placed on government employees" when she works in the White House.
A village pub in Somerset has been bought by a group of villagers who raised more than £300,000 to buy it.
A coalition of US civil rights groups has called on Facebook to do more to tackle racism on the site.
How much do we really know about the M4 relief road before we decide whether or not it should be built?
Cyclist Anna Christian has been named in the Great Britain team for this summer's European Road Championships.
Republic of Ireland manager Martin O'Neill was pleased with his side's performance in their 1-1 draw with the Netherlands in Dublin on Saturday.
Chelsea Ladies kept up the pressure on Women's Super League One leaders Manchester City with a comfortable win at Liverpool Ladies.
The Turkish government is set to introduce new powers for the police, which critics say could be used against pro-Kurdish protesters.
A campaign has been launched to save the home of Dylan Thomas in the Hotel Chelsea in London.
At the top of a hill in the Brooklyn borough of New York, in the shadow of the Empire State Building, you can see the skyline of Manhattan, the skyscrapers of the skyscraper district, and the glitzy offices of the New York Times.
Lego has come under fire for its stance on the Chinese dissident artist Ai Weiwei.
Police in Italy have arrested more than 50 people in an investigation into suspected match-fixing in the country's lower leagues.
Health boards and care homes in Wales are being asked to show "real progress" over the inappropriate use of antipsychotic drugs by the health commissioner.
A turbulent year for Northern Ireland came to an end with the G8 summit in Londonderry in March.
Birmingham City midfielder Callum Cooper has joined National League side Swindon Town on a month's loan.
Highland Council has said it is committed to providing "appropriate access to technology for learning purposes".
Police searching for a Denbighshire woman who has been missing for more than a week say they have made "significant progress" in their search.
Prisoners at a high-security jail may have used excessive force, a report has found.
Russia has said its forces have retaken key areas around the ancient Syrian city of Palmyra from so-called Islamic State (IS).
A man accused of killing eight people in the US city of Phoenix has been charged with 26 additional felonies, police say.
On Sunday, Iran's supreme leader, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, said his country was ready to take part in efforts to find a political solution to the war in Syria.
Children with peanut allergies could learn to tolerate peanut protein after six months of treatment, a study suggests.
Home Secretary Theresa May and Education Secretary Michael Gove have defended their handling of the threat of extremism.
In the US state of Maine, mead is still as much a part of the culture as it is the food.
Rail passengers are being warned to expect major disruption over the summer as the Forth and Clyde Railway tunnel is closed for two months.
The wife of a British holidaymaker killed in the Tunisia terror attack has said she hopes his legacy will bring about "peace".
The body of a man has been found in a harbour in Dumfries and Galloway.
Liberal Democrat leader Nick Clegg has warned that a hung parliament after May's election would be a "shambles" for the UK.
A nature reserve in Cambridgeshire has reopened after a £1.5m revamp.
Tottenham midfielder Moussa Sissoko has been banned for four games for an elbow to the face of Stoke's Harry Arter.
It has been a long time since Northern Ireland's political system was overhauled.
A World War One museum in Dorset has been awarded £500,000 from the Heritage Lottery Fund.
Celtic's Moussa Dembele says he is happy at the club despite speculation linking him with a move to Chelsea.
Hibernian head coach Neil Lennon praised his side's "brave" performance in their Scottish Premiership win at Ibrox.
An investigation into the murders of two teenagers and a woman by Peter Tobin is to be scaled back.
England batsman Joe Root hit an unbeaten 109 as Nottinghamshire beat Warwickshire in the One-Day Cup at Trent Bridge.
Pupils at a Neath Port Talbot school have been left "appalled" after a teacher was barred from boarding a US flight with a group of friends.
Two brothers recruited family and friends to help fund their brother's fight for the so-called Islamic State (IS), a court has heard.
Plans to provide a single percentage of affordable housing across Northern Ireland will not work given current market conditions, a report has concluded.
RB Leipzig came from behind to beat 10-man Hoffenheim and extend their unbeaten Bundesliga run to 11 games.
A climber had to be rescued by an RAF helicopter after getting stuck on one of Wales' highest mountains.
Tommy Halkett's first-half goal was enough to give Livingston victory over Rangers at Ibrox.
Lionel Messi and Arda Turan are among the football stars who have donated signed shirts to a charity in memory of a player who was seriously injured in a hit-and-run crash.
A man has been left "absolutely traumatised" after being attacked and robbed at a bus stop in South Lanarkshire.
Josh Parkin scored a late winner as Forest Green came from behind to beat 10-man Cheltenham Town and go top of League Two.
Anthony Watson has been named in the England squad for the summer tour of Italy after recovering from injury.
South Africa beat Ireland by eight wickets in the second one-day international in Johannesburg to level the series at 1-1.
Flooding caused by heavy rain has caused damage to businesses and cars in Southend city centre.
Sophie Seifert, a nurse from the Philippines, has become the first woman to be crowned Miss Earth, the country's version of Miss Universe.
Ebbsfleet twice came from behind to earn a draw at Guiseley in the National League.
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte has said his country will maintain all military alliances because "they" need it for their defence.
There is "every likelihood" there will be a vote in the Welsh Assembly on the triggering of Article 50, the assembly's top lawyer has said.
Robert Snodgrass scored twice as Hull City came from behind to beat Southampton and move off the bottom of the Premier League.
Boaty McBoatface has been suggested as a possible name for a new research vessel to be built in the North Sea.
Bournemouth have signed striker Jermain Defoe from Premier League rivals Sunderland for an undisclosed fee.
The mayor of London has appointed a former security adviser to carry out a strategic review of London's security services.
An autograph note signed by a British general during World War Two has been sold at auction for Â£1,500.
Culture Secretary John Whittingdale has been sworn in as the UK's new culture secretary.
A British holidaymaker has gone missing after getting into difficulty in the sea in Bulgaria.
Actress Jane Fonda has received the American Film Institute's (AFI) lifetime achievement award.
The number of people seeking help after being sexually abused has risen by more than 50% in the past year, the NSPCC has said.
Oldham Athletic midfielder Cristian Montano has been sacked following an investigation into allegations of match-fixing.
"I'm feeling the joints for any kind of heat or swelling."
Nigel Farage has said he expects the UK to vote to leave the European Union in a referendum next year.
In the early 1990s, the United States was the world's most powerful nation.
Parma, the Italian football club that won three European Cups in the 1990s, are no longer for sale.
Haiti's President Michel Martelly has apologised for telling a woman to "go get a man" at a campaign rally last week.
Olly Murs and Caroline Flack have been announced as the new co-hosts of The X Factor on ITV.
A woman whose son died after being hit by a car on a dual carriageway has signed a petition calling for changes to the road.
Part of the railway line between Sheffield and Doncaster has reopened after being closed due to a fire at an industrial unit.
A 24-year-old British backpacker has died after falling from a moving train in Thailand, police have said.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock says his side's injury problems are a "concern" as they look set to miss out on the play-offs.
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola says midfielder Samir Nasri arrived at the club "a little bit overweight" and hopes he will be fit for the start of the season.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored a hat-trick as Real Madrid thrashed Espanyol to move level on points with second-placed Atletico Madrid.
Ghana's opposition leader Nana Akufo-Addo has been elected president for the third time.
Security forces in Zimbabwe have used tear gas and water cannon to break up a protest in the capital, Harare, that turned violent.
Chelsea won the Premier League for the first time in their history on Sunday, beating Manchester City to the title.
At least five people have been killed and more than 20 injured in an explosion in southern Spain, local media report.
The trial of a man accused of passing horsemeat off as beef has begun at the Old Bailey in London.
India's biometric database is set to become the world's largest, with more than 1.2 billion members, the government says.
Facebook, Twitter, YouTube and web searches on Google can be intercepted by the UK's security services, the government has said.
Welshman Elfyn Evans finished second in the first round of the World Rally Championship (WRC) in Sweden, behind team-mate Sebastien Ogier.
Rebel forces in Syria have walked out of talks aimed at agreeing a deal to set up safe zones across the country.
A bubble tea chain criticised for not paying its trainees properly has said it is to change its policy.
Exeter Chiefs returned to the top of the Premiership with a bonus-point win over Wasps at Twickenham.
A jury in the US state of Utah has declared a mistrial in the trial of a man who was shot dead after threatening a witness during his testimony.
A senior Welsh Labour minister has said he will vote for Yvette Cooper as the party's next leader.
Political divisions over the EU referendum are "widening and exacerbating tensions in our society", a human rights watchdog has warned.
All photographs Â© Joseph Fox / Magnum Photos.
The number of patients in England with mental health problems is on the rise, figures obtained by the BBC suggest.
Liverpool City Council has called for the sale of The Sun to be banned in the city.
A man has been jailed for killing a three-year-old girl who was hit by his car as she crossed a road.
Restrictions on bus services in Bristol are to be reviewed, the competition watchdog has said.
The Archbishop of Canterbury has said the Brussels and Paris terror attacks have made it "more important than ever" to live in hope.
A US warship has been hit by two missiles fired from Yemen, US officials say, but the Houthi movement has denied it was behind the attack.
Plans for a new disability benefit have been published by the Department for Work and Pensions.
Newport County manager Graham Westley says he is still looking for new players to strengthen his squad.
Matt Molesley scored the only goal of the game as Portsmouth came from behind to beat Notts County and reach the third round of the FA Cup.
A book containing the signatures of RAF personnel who took part in the Dambusters raid in Germany in World War Two has sold for £1,000 at auction.
The head of the Welsh Government's bovine tuberculosis (TB) eradication programme has said she is "very proud" of the work being done.
An 18-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the phone-hacking scandal at the News of the World.
The Church in Wales has accused Cyngor Gwynedd of "intentionally destabilising the partnership" over plans for a new school campus in Wrexham.
TP Mazembe beat Algerian side Bejaia 3-1 in Lubumbashi on Sunday to win the African Confederation Cup for the second time.
A rights group has accused the Malian army of carrying out extra-judicial executions in the north of the country since France intervened in January.
Women's Super League One side Liverpool Ladies have signed Notts County Ladies midfielder Jess Greenwood on a two-year deal.
Great Britain's men were held to a 1-1 draw by Australia in their opening match of the Hockey Champions Trophy.
Newport Gwent Dragons came from behind to beat Cardiff Blues and reach the Pro12 semi-finals.
Myanmar's President Thein Sein has pledged that his country will not repeat the mistakes of the past, when it was under military rule.
Jewellery worth more than £50,000 has been stolen from a Lincolnshire jewellers.
A doctor who falsified clinical trials has been struck off the medical register after he failed to appeal against his conviction.
Martin Guptill and Kane Williamson hit half-centuries as New Zealand beat Pakistan by eight wickets to set up a decider in the one-day series.
A 19th Century windmill in Hampshire has been restored to working condition after a £100,000 project.
Hundreds of jobs are to go at Tata Steel's Llanwern plant in Powys, the company has confirmed.
Britain's Sarah Cave has won the Ironman World Championship in Hawaii.
Former British Prime Minister Tony Blair has spoken for the first time about his involvement in World War Two.
League Two side Colchester United have signed striker Luke Guthrie following their promotion to the Championship last season.
Britain's Kell Brook says beating Gennady Golovkin would make him the best pound-for-pound boxer in the world.
Nico Rosberg set the pace in a Mercedes one-two in the first practice session of the season at the Russian Grand Prix.
Darryl Field leads the Manx Grand Prix after the first practice session at the Isle of Man TT on Friday.
Plans to shore up the BHS pension scheme were approved by the Pensions Regulator but never implemented, BBC Newsnight has learned.
A bullet found in the body of a man who was killed by paratroopers during the Troubles in Northern Ireland in 1971 has been identified as a military weapon.
Chelsea extended their lead at the top of the Premier League to seven points after a 2-0 win at Arsenal.
Richard Hammond says his " Swiss Army Knee" is "finished and works" after he was injured in a crash while filming The Grand Tour in Germany.
The UK has voted to leave the European Union in a historic referendum.
The convener of the Scottish Crofting Commission has said he has no intention of resign over a dispute with crofters on Lewis.
A man has been jailed for five years for the manslaughter of a worker who fell to his death from a warehouse roof.
Thunderbirds creator Ken Anderson has revealed he has been diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease.
More than 100,000 relatives of parents who give up work to look after their children could be eligible for National Insurance (NI) credits, a pensions expert has said.
Work has started on the first phase of a £700,000 marine park in the Dorset coast.
Nigeria is set to lose its second major international airline in less than a month due to a shortage of foreign currency.
Aston Villa have signed Poland striker Lukasz Kozak for an undisclosed fee from Fenerbahce.
A new law banning the display of cigarettes and other tobacco products in shops has come into force in Wales.
West Brom boss Tony Pulis says Burnley boss Sean Dyche is one of the best managers in the Premier League.
North Korea has carried out its second test of an intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM), state media report.
Scotland captain Chris Martin says he is looking forward to Saturday's Euro 2016 warm-up match against France.
An Australian judge has rejected an appeal by US anti-abortion campaigner Troy Newman against his deportation from the country.
Jon Stewart, the host of Comedy Central's The Daily Show, has died at the age of 62.
David Simpson has been elected as the new leader of Denbighshire County Council.
England wicketkeeper-batsman Jos Buttler has signed a new three-year contract with Lancashire.
John Williams' score for the Star Wars film The Force Awakens will be performed by the London Symphony Orchestra at the BBC Proms in Hull.
The SNP has won the Scottish council elections on 25% of the vote, according to the latest official figures.
Iraqi forces fighting so-called Islamic State (IS) in Mosul must do everything they can to ensure civilians are not killed, the UN says.
The Met Office has issued a yellow "be aware" warning for strong winds across south and mid Wales on Monday.
Flexible rubber skins that can sense pressure have been developed by scientists in the US.
Councillors in the Scottish Borders are being asked to approve a review of the future of schools in the region.
Mohamed El Bakhtaoui scored twice as Partick Thistle beat Ayr United to move to within three points of Scottish League One leaders Celtic.
A man has been airlifted to hospital after being hit by a car on a country road.
Gloucestershire author Paul St Aubyn has won the £10,000 Man Booker Prize for his satirical satire on literary prizes.
The BBC will show live coverage of England's opening World Cup group game against New Zealand at Twickenham on Saturday, 15 November.
California used more water in July than it did in the same period last year, as the state continues to struggle with a severe drought.
A lion that escaped from a South African national park for the second time last year is to be rehomed, officials say.
A Florida mosque has been forced to move a polling station after complaints from residents who did not want to vote in a place of worship.
Universities across the UK are set to go on strike on Thursday in a long-running dispute over pay.
China has arrested 11 people for spreading "seditious rumours" about the Tianjin explosions and the stock market slump, state media say.
The world's oceans could become more acidic than at any time since the Industrial Revolution, according to a new report.
Nick Cave's son died after falling from a cliff in Brighton, an inquest has heard.
The UK's vote to leave the European Union could have "consequences" for global financial markets, the head of the US central bank has said.
Britain's Chris Froome retained his Tour de France leader's yellow jersey with victory on stage 13.
A fatal accident inquiry into the Glasgow bin lorry crash has been told a bus driver fainted in a work canteen in 2010.
Turkey's president has accused Germany of "Nazi practices" in a row over political campaigning.
Nottingham Forest have signed Wolves midfielder Adlene Guedioura on loan until the end of the season.
Scotland scrum-half Alex Fife is one of seven players to be released by Edinburgh, who have also announced the departure of hooker Matt Toolis.
At least 20 people have been killed in a series of explosions in the southern Yemeni city of Aden, officials say.
The BBC has signed a three-year deal to broadcast live coverage of the Diamond League from 2017 to 2020.
A record 17 women have been elected to Iran's new parliament, the country's president has said.
An 11-year-old US boy has become the youngest winner of the Scripps National Spelling Bee in the US.
Burton Albion goalkeeper Stephen Bywater has signed a new one-year deal with the League One club.
More teachers are being subjected to online abuse than last year, a teachers' union has warned.
A Canadian woman has told how she and her daughter escaped a house fire in the middle of the night thanks to a FaceTime call from her son.
Partick Thistle manager Alan Archibald is in the running to become Swindon Town's new manager.
Racing driver David Carswell has died following a crash at the Andreas Grand Prix in Kent.
Russia has denied it was involved in any hacking attack on the US during the election campaign.
American Apparel's board of directors has accused its former chief executive, Dov Charney, of sexual harassment and racial discrimination.
Hundreds of people have attended a memorial for a parkour enthusiast who died in a crash in Paris.
At least two people have been killed and more than 1,000 injured in two earthquakes in China's Gansu province, officials say.
Reading booked their place in the Championship play-off semi-finals with a comfortable win over Burton Albion.
The number of homeless people in Scotland comes from the private rented sector, according to Shelter Scotland.
Belfast boxer Katie Taylor is in talks with promoter Eddie Hearn over a world title shot.
The city of Cardiff is set to become the first city in the world to adopt a "smart city" approach to tackling violence.
It's been a long time coming, but artificial intelligence (AI) is finally starting to take off.
Norwich City midfielder Callum Maddison has signed a new one-year contract with the Championship club.
Germany's Thomas Jung won the Grand Slam at Badminton Park to become the first rider to qualify for the Rio Olympics.
Clyde and Josephine Wang have lived in Taiwan for more than 70 years but still believe the island is part of China.
Protesters have clashed with police during a demonstration over the death of a man who died after being stopped by officers.
A new vaccine for the Zika virus could be available to pregnant women as soon as this year, according to the BBC's Tulip Siddiqui.
Prime Minister David Cameron has said he will "push the fight against corruption to the top of the international agenda" when he hosts a summit in London.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle's poor run of form continued as they were beaten by St Johnstone at McDiarmid Park.
The number of babies being breastfed in England has risen by more than a third in the past 25 years, official figures show.
The BBC's adaptation of War and Peace has beaten ITV's Endeavour and Channel 4's Deutschland 83 in the overnight ratings.
Gareth Bale's absence from Wales' Euro 2016 qualifier against Serbia will not affect the team's chances, says captain Chris Gunter.
A Czech backpacker who spent almost a month in the Highlands with the body of her boyfriend has been found safe and well.
The Western Sahara is a semi-autonomous region of Morocco in the north-west of Africa.
Northern Ireland's Joe Donnelly is through to the quarter-finals of the bantamweight boxing at the Olympic Games after a narrow win in Rio on Thursday.
A three-year-old boy has died after becoming stuck between a revolving floor and a wall at a restaurant in the US city of Atlanta.
The Italian government has said it will not ask the EU for more money to deal with the migrant crisis, because of opposition in three regions.
Russia's ambassador to Poland, Andrei Andreyev, has apologised for suggesting that Poland was partly responsible for the start of World War Two.
The French cartoonist Charb, who was killed in the Charlie Hebdo attack, has written a book defending the satirical magazine's stance on Islam.
The Environment Agency has carried out its biggest ever flood training exercise in the Calderdale area.
A huge bridge has been built in Hong Kong, in China.
A 16-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a teacher was stabbed at a school in Leeds.
Photographs of some of the UK's most iconic tower blocks are to be put on public display.
Scottish judo star Stephanie Doherty has opened her eyes for the first time since being seriously injured in Vietnam last month.
The UK's Brexit secretary has said it is "hard to see how a separate immigration policy would work" after the UK leaves the European Union.
The US Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) has used code in malware to make it harder to find out who made it, according to Wikileaks.
A collection of 1,000-year-old pages from the Koran has gone on display in Leeds.
Sean O'Shaughnessy's stoppage-time equaliser rescued a point for Cheltenham at Mansfield.
World number one Andy Murray came from a set down to beat Spain's Albert Ramos-Vinolas and reach the semi-finals of the Barcelona Open.
An Isle of Lewis councillor has called on the owner of the grounded drilling rig Deepwater Horizon to consider using local facilities and engineering expertise to repair it.
Craig Gordon says he is happy with the way he played in his first appearance of the season against Manchester City on Tuesday.
Kieron Cadogan scored a hat-trick as Sutton thrashed North Ferriby 5-1 in the National League.
The number of people killed in a landslide in the Colombian province of Antioquia has risen to more than 100, officials say.
Huddersfield Giants have signed Warrington Wolves winger Joe Ormsby on loan until the end of the season.
All pictures are subject to copyright and may not be suitable for publication.
The final section of Crossrail has been bored as part of the project's longest tunnelling drive.
A man has been charged with the murder of Jean McConville, one of the Disappeared.
Ireland are hopeful that Jared Payne will be fit for Saturday's Six Nations match against Italy in Dublin.
A British man killed in a bomb attack in Iraq was a former Guantanamo Bay detainee, the BBC has learned.
Tottenham defender Jan Vertonghen will miss the rest of the season with an ankle injury, says manager Mauricio Pochettino.
Northern Ireland's First Minister Arlene Foster has said the UK's decision to leave the European Union (EU) must not be used as an excuse to undermine the peace process.
Sports Direct boss Dave Forsey has been replaced by Mike Ashley as chief executive, the company has confirmed.
Las Vegas may be known as the world's most expensive city, with an estimated $2bn (Â£1.8bn) in casino-hotel revenues.
England missed out on a dramatic victory over Pakistan in the first Test in Abu Dhabi after rain washed out the final day.
China won their second gold medal of the Rio Olympics with victory over Japan in the men's team table tennis final.
The Prince of Wales and the Duchess of Cornwall are to visit Australia and New Zealand in November.
More than half of the UK's beaches do not have lifeguards on duty in the summer, figures show.
Veteran US political broadcaster Gwen Ifill has died at the age of 61, PBS has announced.
Chris Riddell is stepping down as the UK's children's laureate after two years in the role.
Former Birmingham City defender Robbie Savage says new Aston Villa manager Steve Bruce will be a good fit for the Championship club.
Police have said there will be "significant arrests" in the coming days following a third night of rioting in Belfast.
The wife of a rugby league reporter who was attacked outside a London Tube station has said he is in a stable condition in hospital.
National League side Chester have re-signed Birmingham City midfielder Jordan Lloyd on loan until the end of the season.
Hibernian extended their lead at the top of the Championship to nine points with a hard-fought victory over 10-man Dundee United.
The cosmetics company Avon has gone into administration in France, with the loss of more than 100 jobs.
The new Formula 1 cars have been unveiled at the first pre-season test in Spain.
A three-year-old boy has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in Rhondda Cynon Taff.
Two of the giant ceramic poppies at the centre of the "Blood Swept Lands and Seas of Red" installation are to go on display for the first time.
The name Lord Amherst has been given to a number of places around the world, but in the US it has become a symbol of biological warfare.
Kenya's three-time Boston Marathon champion Rita Jeptoo has been banned for two years after failing a drugs test.
Plans to double the size of a wind farm in Greater Manchester have been given the go-ahead.
A US judge has ordered Apple to pay more than half a billion dollars in damages after it continued to use a university's microchip technology.
A Northern Ireland fan has died after suffering a heart attack at the Stade de France during the team's Euro 2016 match against Germany on Monday.
Poet David Harsent has won the TS Eliot Prize for poetry for the third time.
Ronnie O'Sullivan has pulled out of next month's UK Championship in London.
A wine bar has been fined £20,000 after a woman was left in a life-threatening condition after drinking a nitro-Jagermeister shot.
An 18-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the discovery of a woman's body in the Republic of Ireland.
Care services for older people in the Western Isles need to improve, according to health and social care watchdogs.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being attacked with a hammer and other weapons in a "horrendous" attack.
Defending champions Democratic Republic of Congo were knocked out of the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations in South Africa after a 2-1 defeat by Congo Brazzaville.
Celtic manager Brendan Rodgers says new signing Ollie Ntcham has the potential to be a "top, top level number eight" after he made his debut in Saturday's friendly defeat by St Johnstone.
Public views are being sought on plans for a new bridge over the A90 in the Highlands.
Cern has claimed to have found a way to harness the power of the Force, in a Star Wars-inspired April Fools joke.
UKIP could win more seats in the assembly election than it did in May's general election, the party's Welsh leader has said.
A Polish deli owner in Cambridgeshire says she has received hate mail and phone calls since the UK voted to leave the European Union.
A 51-year-old man from Powys has been jailed for more than 30 years for historical child sex abuse.
A 15-year-old girl in Mexico has been invited to a lavish birthday party by her father, who initially said only family and friends could attend.
An online appeal to raise money for the family of a three-year-old girl who died after becoming trapped in a wardrobe has raised more than £10,000 in 24 hours.
More than 1,000 water voles have been released into a Pembrokeshire nature reserve in a bid to boost numbers.
The closure of the Forensic Science Service (FSS) will not damage the prospects for forensic science in the UK, an inquiry has been told.
US comedian Bill Cosby has resigned from the board of trustees at his alma mater, Temple University in Philadelphia.
An unexploded World War Two bomb has been found on a beach in Gwynedd.
The amount of carbon dioxide (CO2) in the atmosphere at the time of the last major global warming may have been much smaller than previously thought, a study suggests.
A man with motor neurone disease is doing handstands and cartwheels on the floor.
St Helens came from behind to beat Catalans Dragons and keep their Super League play-off hopes alive.
A Denbighshire man whose home was badly damaged by flooding caused by Storm Desmond has said the area is "as safe as we can do it".
The UK's first commercial broadband service using space-age technology is to be launched later.
Labour has said it would make people who use tax shelter schemes pay back the money they have avoided by using them.
Rugby union should be banned from schools in the UK, according to a leading academic.
A medieval castle on the Isle of Wight is to undergo a major restoration project.
Health Secretary Shona Robison has confirmed an independent expert will examine the findings of a review into the use of Implant Prostheses.
Hundreds of gull eggs have been stolen from a harbour, prompting a warning from Natural England.
The number of people prosecuted for dangerous driving in the UK has fallen by more than a third in the past decade.
Campaigners have handed in a petition to the Chinese government calling for an end to the country's annual dog meat festival.
South Korea's Chen Long won Olympic gold in the men's -57kg weightlifting with a record-breaking lift in Rio.
Manchester United have agreed a deal to sign Netherlands winger Memphis Depay from PSV Eindhoven.
At a conference for the virtual reality industry, Facebook's chief scientist Michael Abrash outlined all the things Oculus could not yet do.
Britain's Shauna Coxsey retained her bouldering world title with victory in the final event of the season in Slovenia.
A man who attacked worshippers at a Dundee mosque has been jailed for six months.
Four people have appeared in court charged with the murder of a man who was stabbed to death at a mill.
A takeaway driver was hit with a golf club and robbed of his takeaway order in West Lothian.
Devolution in Wales needs to go further and faster, the head of the Church in Wales has said.
More than 40,000 acres of commercial forests in Wales need to be re-planted to meet growing demand, according to the industry body Confor.
Two European eels have been found in a river for the first time in more than 20 years, the Environment Agency said.
A court in India has begun hearing the case against Bollywood star Salman Khan over a car crash in which a policeman was killed.
In the early hours of the morning of 1 July 1999, a man was shot dead in the grounds of the St Patrick's Cathedral in Londonderry.
The organisers of the first ever Scottish Tour de France sportive have announced that the event will be held in memory of Sir Dave Millar.
Immigrants living and working in Wales should be forced to learn Welsh as an alternative to English, MPs have said.
Patent applications for technology that can read the brain have more than doubled in the past five years, according to new research.
A hospital has apologised after a bung fell out of a patient's ear during surgery.
Police in Hungary have stopped a train carrying hundreds of migrants as they tried to cross the border into Austria.
Melania Trump's decision not to move into the White House with her 11-year-old son Barron has been met with criticism on social media.
The chairman of a Senedd committee has rejected calls for a "forensic investigation" into the Welsh Government's financial dealings.
A fire officer has been sacked after a pensioner died in a house fire in which firefighters took more than an hour to arrive.
A Hampshire school has announced it is to close after more than 100 years.
A year after the death of her husband Gwilym Prichard, Pembrokeshire artist Ann Williams is set to unveil a new collection of paintings.
One of the world's largest bitcoin exchanges, Bitfinex, says it has been hacked by hackers.
British amateur Andrew Gregory has spent the past four years studying the Augusta National golf course in preparation for this week's Masters.
A 19-year-old woman has killed herself on a train in France, live-streaming her death on the video-sharing app Periscope.
A woman has been jailed for life after being found guilty of murdering her mother.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed lower and the dollar rose against the yen as the US economy continued to struggle.
The number of people claiming unemployment benefits in Spain fell in June for the first time in more than a year, official figures show.
Manchester United thrashed Arsene Wenger's under-strength Arsenal to move to the top of the Premier League and end the Gunners' unbeaten home record.
A group of BBC journalists have been injured after an explosion at Etna volcano in Iceland, the BBC has said.
David Cameron must respond to the SNP's success in Scotland if he is to win a second term in office, a senior Conservative peer has said.
Wales head coach Warren Gatland has the "capability" to lead New Zealand to a third World Cup in four years, says All Blacks director of rugby Steve Brooke.
Benfica have won the Portuguese league title for the first time in their history after a comfortable victory over Vitória Guimarães on Sunday.
Paralympic gold medallist Adam Smith has set his sights on the 2016 Rio Games.
Down produced a superb display to beat Meath 1-13 to 1-11 at Pairc Esler and secure their first win of the season.
Tributes have been paid to a long-serving Bristol councillor who has died.
QPR midfielder Lloyd Townsend has been banned from football for six months by the Football Association for betting on matches.
At Manchester City's Etihad Stadium, there is a deafening racket coming from the stands as the club's players take part in training.
The number of Americans who say they are "living comfortably" or "doing okay" has fallen over the past two years, according to the Federal Reserve.
Liberal Democrat leader Tim Farron has said he does not believe gay sex is a sin, after being asked directly about his views.
Barratt Developments has announced plans to build more than 1,000 new homes in Scotland over the next five years.
The Scottish Liberal Democrats have said they will not agree to the Scottish government's draft budget unless "substantial changes" are made.
A US man has died after falling into a hot spring in Yellowstone National Park, officials say.
Singer Gary Barlow has surprised shoppers in Manchester by turning up at a shopping centre dressed as a character from his TV show.
Eight people have been injured after a fire broke out at a block of flats in Glasgow.
Poland's parliament has rejected an anti-abortion bill that would have banned all abortions in the country.
Four men have pleaded guilty to conspiracy to burgle the Hatton Garden safe deposit box in January.
Wales recovered from their opening Six Nations defeat by England with a hard-fought victory over Scotland in Edinburgh.
Former world champion Justin Gatlin won the 100m at the European Indoor Athletics Championships in a new personal best time of 9.97 seconds.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Ghanaian writer Elizabeth Ohene looks at why Ghanaians are so passionate about football.
Senegal missed out on a place in the last 16 of the Fifa Under-20 World Cup after being held to a 1-1 draw by Ecuador.
A man has been taken to hospital after being shot in the leg in Londonderry.
West Ham striker Andy Carroll has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a hamstring injury.
Former European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso has been criticised for taking up a job with Goldman Sachs.
Former world champion Jenson Button says Sunday's Hungarian Grand Prix will be his last in Formula 1.
Bolton Wanderers midfielder Chris Howard has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury sustained in the League One defeat by Peterborough United.
The number of people claiming unemployment benefits in the UK fell by 1,000 in August to a new low, official figures have shown.
The number of children placed for adoption in England and Wales has fallen by more than a third in the past year, official figures show.
Viacom chief executive Jean-Claude Dauman has been removed from the board of the company he co-founded with his wife, Shari Redstone.
The Scottish FA is in talks with Scotland women's national team players over terms and conditions ahead of Euro 2017.
Police searching for a missing Swedish journalist say they have found a torso in the waters off Copenhagen.
Ricky Miller scored a hat-trick as Dover came from behind to beat Forest Green Rovers in the National League.
A woman has been jailed for life after being found guilty of murdering her partner in a row over £10,000.
The US Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) carried out a number of covert operations in the 1960s and 1970s, according to research by the BBC.
Wales fly-half Alun Wyn Davies will replace Dan Biggar in Ospreys' European Champions Cup match against Grenoble on Saturday.
Pupils at a private school in London could soon be allowed to wear a gender neutral uniform.
Northern Ireland's Michael Sharvin carded a six-under-par 66 to share the lead after the first round of the Australian Open.
A giant 'A' sign has been spotted on a roundabout in Berkshire, just days after a similar sign appeared on a bridge.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at how Africa's artists are dealing with censorship.
For centuries, a small patch of land in the Belfast Hills has been covered up with dirt.
A woman has died in a two-car crash on the A74(M) near Dalwhinnie in Dumfries and Galloway.
A number of flights have been cancelled in the Republic of Ireland due to bad weather in the country.
Britain's Chris and Gabby Adcock reached the final of the Badminton World Tour Finals in Kuala Lumpur on Saturday.
Castleford Tigers have signed Salford Red Devils half-back Sosaia Feki on a two-year deal.
Former Defence Secretary Lord West has told MPs that a missile was fired into Wales by mistake.
A British collector of Star Wars memorabilia has doubled the amount of money he made selling his collection last month.
Serbia captain Branislav Ivanovic says Saturday's World Cup qualifier against Wales will be a "once in 100 years" encounter.
The US justice department is to allow federal agents to take audio or video recordings of suspects during interviews, the department has announced.
A former High Court judge has been appointed by the Scottish government to review the country's hate crime laws following the Scottish Football Association's (SFA) campaign for the repeal of the Football Association Act.
A £1.5m fundraising campaign has been successful in securing the future of a lost medieval bible.
Ukrainians have returned to the streets for the first time since the country voted for independence from the European Union.
Former Egyptian Prime Minister Ahmed Shafiq has won an appeal against his disqualification from next month's presidential election.
Derby County assistant boss Nigel Powell says he is "fine" despite being suspended by the Championship club.
Leyton Orient have signed striker Jordan Preston on a two-year deal following his release by National League rivals Leyton Orient.
A man accused of killing his pregnant girlfriend has told a court he was "shocked and surprised" when he found out she was pregnant.
Tributes have been paid to former Watford and England manager Graham Taylor, who has died.
Markets in Asia were mostly higher on Thursday as investors remained cautious ahead of key economic data from the US and Japan.
Police officers in England and Wales are being given advice on how to deal with domestic abuse.
Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg has announced a new carer's package in a speech in Cardiff.
Fidel Castro has been Cuba's revolutionary leader for more than 50 years, but he is best known as the leader of the 1959 revolution.
Middlesbrough moved two points clear at the top of the Championship after Jordan Rhodes scored a stoppage-time winner at Bolton.
It's not every day you get a call from a friend and they ask you what scent you're wearing.
Two more youths have been arrested in connection with the murder of a man in west Belfast on Saturday.
The UK and France are set to agree a deal to tackle the migrant crisis in Calais.
Welsh boxer Gemma Brace will make her professional debut at London's O2 Arena on Saturday.
Newly-acquired Dylan Thomas manuscripts are to go on display for the first time in Britain.
A musical version of the children's book Adrian Mole, written by Sue Townsend, has opened to a sold-out audience.
A woman has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in a Cardiff tunnel.
Stranraer manager Brian Reid has left the Championship club by mutual consent after less than two years in charge.
A Labour councillor has been suspended from the party after making anti-Semitic comments on Twitter.
Greece and its international creditors are still unable to begin high-level talks on the terms of a third bailout, European officials say.
Eight men have been arrested in Chad in connection with the rape of an 18-year-old woman in the capital, Chad.
Plans have been submitted for a new social housing development on the site of a pub which was the subject of a row over housing.
Teachers in Northern Ireland are to stage a second one-day strike next week in a dispute over pay.
Netflix has cancelled the US comedian Bill Cosby's upcoming TV special following a new allegation of sexual assault.
Andrew Fernandez is one of Australia's best-known television presenters.
A couple who had a cycling medal and jewellery stolen 10 years ago have been reunited with them after they were found by a Met Police dive team.
Liverpool have rejected a second bid from Manchester City for England forward Raheem Sterling.
Scotland's first minister Nicola Sturgeon has unveiled plans for a shake-up of the country's countryside.
Nour, a 15-year-old girl, was caught up in the fighting between so-called Islamic State (IS) and government forces in the Syrian city of Raqqa in 2014.
National League side Ebbsfleet United have signed striker Jordan Mills from National League rivals Whitehawk.
The German city of Hamburg has become the first city in Europe to ban private accommodation for asylum seekers, in a move aimed at easing overcrowding.
Warwickshire seam bowlers Josh Poysden and Alex Mellor have both signed new contracts with the club.
A bot that can help people fight parking tickets has become a hit with the public, according to its creator.
Former Conservative home secretary Lord Waddington has died at the age of 83.
A new park and ride service is to be introduced at one of Wales' busiest hospitals after it was found it was causing traffic gridlock.
The BBC has "strongly refutes" claims that a Bafta-winning scene of an iguana being chased by venomous snakes was "faked".
A group which works to restore footpaths in the Lake District has been chosen by the group that preserves the work of landscape artist Robert Wainwright.
Millwall moved into the League One play-off places with a comfortable victory at Shrewsbury.
Drones maker GoPro has announced that it will cut 1,000 jobs in the US and Canada.
Moors Murderer Ian Brady has failed in a bid to move from a mental health unit to a prison.
An investigation has been launched into the police response to a call from a 72-year-old man who later died at a sheltered housing complex.
Scientists at the University of Reading say the current extent of Arctic sea ice may not be as low as previously thought.
Liberia thrashed Algeria's JS Kabylie 5-0 in the first leg of their African Champions League last-16 tie in Monrovia on Tuesday.
Norbrook Group, the County Down-based medical equipment and diagnostics company, has appointed John Nagle as its new chief executive.
Arsenal returned to the top of the Premier League for the first time this season with an emphatic victory over Chelsea.
A pair of white lions have been born at a zoo in South Africa.
Bristol Rovers have extended the contracts of four players, including captain Jack Kirby, and given new deals to defenders Ben Buxton, Josh Duggan and Chris Ridehalgh.
Two Northamptonshire Police officers have been taken to hospital after being hit by a car while on duty.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being attacked in two separate incidents in Londonderry.
Abercrombie & Fitch has been criticised on Twitter for a tweet that appeared to equate the gay community with suicide.
Police are investigating after a couple were left "completely penniless" when their funeral company went out of business.
Yemen's Houthi rebels have released the chief of staff of the country's president, a day after he was due to be released.
Designers in Wales have developed a device that could help footballers recover from head injuries.
Bournemouth have signed goalkeeper Mark Federici from Reading on a three-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
The families of the victims of the Omagh bomb have been awarded £1.6m in damages by the High Court in Belfast.
The UK could lose up to 16% of its highly skilled scientists after the UK leaves the European Union, a leading academic has warned.
Scotland's ban on smoking in pubs and other public places has had an impact on the amount of second-hand smoke inhaled, according to a new study.
Bayern Munich made it seven Champions League wins in a row as they thrashed Rubin Kazan 5-0 to top Group D.
Scotland head coach Vern Cotter said he was "happy" with his side's performance as they came from 16-9 down to beat South Africa in the Six Nations.
Wakefield Wildcats have appointed former Hull FC coach Kevin Chester as their new head coach on a two-year deal.
Cameras are to be installed in the Glasgow Necropolis in an attempt to reduce anti-social behaviour, police have said.
Prime Minister David Cameron has said he will not stand for "hate crime" following the UK's vote to leave the European Union.
Plaid Cymru has accused the UK parties of offering "no commitment to securing an economic recovery for all".
Kent County Football Club have reported a pre-tax loss of £1.2m for the financial year to the end of March 2016.
Syrian government forces have retaken the strategic town of al-Qaryatain from so-called Islamic State (IS), the army says.
A record number of UK students will be studying in the US this year, the US ambassador to the UK has said.
A girl called Emily has won a competition run by one of the world's best-selling children's authors.
A Mongolian rapper has been seriously injured in an alleged assault by a Russian official, his father has said.
The family of a motorcyclist who died after hitting a pothole have said they hope the authorities "learn lessons" following his death.
A body has been found in the search for a hillwalker who has been missing in the Cairngorms since last week.
Spain have qualified for the 2016 Olympics for the first time in their history after beating Fiji in the Rugby World Cup quarter-finals in New Zealand.
The remains of a World War Two Spitfire which crashed in Oxfordshire more than 70 years ago have been unearthed.
All pictures are subject to copyright and may not be suitable for publication.
Doctor Who and Guardians of the Galaxy star Karen Gillan has returned to the small screen with a new short film.
Harlequins reached the European Challenge Cup quarter-finals with a bonus-point win over Stade Francais.
Juventus moved five points clear at the top of Serie A as Mario Pjaca and Dani Alves scored in the first leg of their Champions League last-16 tie against Porto.
Wales lock Jake Ball has been named in the starting XV for the Six Nations for the first time since the 2015 World Cup.
A crowdfunding campaign to build a statue of David Bowie in London has failed to raise the £900,000 it needed.
A man has admitted killing an elderly Leicestershire man who was found dead in his home.
Dagenham & Redbridge moved into the National League play-off places with a 1-0 win at home to York thanks to a late strike from Ryan Raymond.
ITV has announced that The X Factor and Britain's Got Talent will continue to air on the broadcaster for the next three years.
Russia says it will be fined by Uefa for the behaviour of its fans at the Stade de France stadium in Marseille.
Iraqi forces say they have broken the siege of the town of Amerli in the north-east of the country.
US regulators have said that companies that issue digital coins should be subject to the same rules as traditional securities.
Welsh Liberal Democrat leader Kirsty Williams has said she will not make a promise not to raise tuition fees if she wins the assembly election.
Scotland's nine-time badminton national champion Kirsty Bankier won her 10th title at the National Badminton Championships in Glasgow.
Wilfried Bony scored the only goal of the game as Ivory Coast beat Algeria to reach the Africa Cup of Nations semi-finals.
Call of Duty fans have criticised the game's makers for setting up a fictional attack in Singapore ahead of its release.
Scientists at Glasgow University have developed a way to breed fish that are resistant to sea lice.
Voters in North Korea go to the polls on Sunday in local elections that are widely seen as a test of Kim Jong-un's leadership.
The Chancellor of the Exchequer, George Osborne, was on his feet for over an hour in his Budget speech.
Britain's Laura Trott won the women's individual pursuit title at the British Cycling National Track Championships in Manchester.
Michael Martin has said he will not race on his Honda Fireblade again this year.
Venezuela's security forces have lifted a curfew in the western city of San Cristobal, officials say.
More than two-thirds of people in Scotland believe the right to buy a home should be scrapped, according to new research.
Liverpool's new architecture centre has opened its doors to the public, with plans for the city's future.
The official depth of Loch Ness has been found to be much deeper than previously thought, according to an amateur fisherman.
The family of the late Scottish novelist William McIlvanney are to be asked to allow a new school campus to be named in his honour.
A Scottish aid worker who was killed in Afghanistan in 2010 was led to believe she was being held captive to secure the release of rebel prisoners, it has emerged.
Six Hong Kong police officers have been sentenced to three years in jail for assaulting a protester during the 2014 pro-democracy protests.
A nine-year-old boy who was seriously injured when he was hit by a car on the Isle of Wight has made "amazing" progress, his parents have said.
Scottish singer-songwriter Frankie Rafferty has died at the age of 69.
The last Concorde to take to the skies has arrived in Bristol ahead of plans for a new museum in the city.
Plastic bag charges in England have been blamed for the closure of a packaging firm.
Two women in the Indonesian province of Aceh have been forced to return home after being told they must be beheaded for being gay.
The High Court has thrown out a case against six men accused of defrauding councils and opencast mining companies out of millions of pounds.
Michael McKinstry has had a career that has seen him through some of the toughest times in football.
Scotland forward Scott Forsyth says home advantage will play a big part in the Blue Sticks' success at the European Championship.
Creditors of the Taggart family are set to vote on a proposal that would allow them to avoid bankruptcy, the BBC understands.
The UK's manufacturing sector grew at its fastest pace in more than three years in May, according to a closely-watched survey.
Derby County have signed Republic of Ireland striker Georgios Makris on a four-year deal from Turkish side Galatasaray.
Tributes have been paid to the veteran US actor Steven Wallach, who has died at his home in Los Angeles aged 83.
British number one Kyle Edmund and Olympic champion Johanna Konta will be among the big names on day one of the Australian Open in Melbourne.
Israel has warned its citizens against travelling to the Indian state of Goa in the run-up to New Year, saying there is a "serious security threat".
Confidence among UK consumers has fallen to its lowest level in more than 20 years following the Brexit vote, a survey suggests.
A huge explosion has destroyed part of Aleppo's historic citadel, a monitoring group says.
Brazil's Amazon rainforests are becoming increasingly vulnerable to fire, according to a new study.
Two men arrested on suspicion of murder in connection with the disappearance of a Cambridgeshire pub owner have been released on bail.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after the bodies of a man and woman were found at a house in Sheffield.
Women's Super League One side Yeovil Town Ladies have re-signed midfielder Lauren Howard on a two-year contract after she graduated from university.
The Home Secretary has been ordered to pay £1.5m in damages to former Nigerian state governor James Ibori after he was wrongly detained in the UK.
The Scottish Football Association (SFA) has apologised after a scam email was sent to Scottish football fans.
Welsh triathlete Laura Davies has qualified for the 2017 World Championships in London after setting three new British records.
Former Yorkshire and England fast bowler John Appleyard has died at the age of 83.
A woman accused of driving her boyfriend to his death has asked a judge to put her on trial rather than a jury.
Wales captain Sam Warburton says he is "selfish" after being dropped by head coach Eddie Jones.
Five men have been arrested on suspicion of violent disorder after a 20-year-old was shot dead in Birmingham.
India has accused Pakistan of trying to influence the International Court of Justice (ICJ) in the case of a former Indian navy officer who has been on death row since March.
Despite equal pay legislation being introduced in 1970, according to the Office for National Statistics, women are still paid less than their male counterparts in skilled trades.
A pilot scheme to stop parents parking illegally outside schools was halted after three months, the BBC has learned.
Wigan Athletic have sacked manager David Joyce after a run of five defeats left them in danger of relegation from League One.
A man has been jailed for perverting the course of justice over the death of an 18-year-old who was killed by a joyrider 12 years ago.
Defending champion Garbine Muguruza beat two-time champion Francesca Schiavone 6-4 6-3 in the first round of the French Open.
A left-wing Labour group has said it is "disappointed" by the number of people who have registered to vote in Jeremy Corbyn's leadership contest.
Tsunami waves have hit parts of central Chile, a day after the country was hit by a powerful earthquake.
Coventry City fans are marking the 10th anniversary of the club's first win at Highfield Road since moving to the Ricoh Arena.
National League side Bury have extended the loan spell of Bournemouth striker Callum Elder until the end of the season.
BBC Northern Ireland has won three awards at the Irish National Television and Radio Awards.
A study by Lloyds Banking Group has found that customers who use the internet for their banking do not get a better deal than those who go in to High Street branches.
A device found near a primary school in County Londonderry was an attempt by dissident republicans to kill police officers, a senior officer has said.
Tensions between India and China over the disputed Himalayan region of Ladakh have been reported in the Indian media.
Women's Super League One side Glasgow City Ladies have signed Sunderland midfielder Jess Staniforth and former Manchester City striker Saskia Sjoman.
In a leafy suburb of the Gaza Strip, a few hundred homes are being built in the Qatari capital, Doha, on the outskirts of the capital.
A number of CrossCountry train services north of Edinburgh will not be axed, it has been confirmed.
The US has urged China and Vietnam to de-escalate a stand-off in the South China Sea over a drilling rig.
The process of electing a new Pope is under way at the Vatican, with the first meeting taking place on Monday.
At the end of every month Elena and her husband go to four banks in Moscow to pay off their debts.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has called on China to allow the value of its currency to rise.
Three people have been rescued after a boat capsized on the River Tay in Aberdeenshire.
The head of the UK's communications regulator, Ofcom, has said it is possible that BT's Openreach division could be split off.
Civil society groups in Niger have filed a legal case against the French nuclear giant Areva, accusing it of embezzlement.
Strong winds and heavy rain have killed at least 11 people in the South African city of Cape Town, officials say.
A freight train has derailed and burst into flames in the US state of Tennessee, forcing the evacuation of more than 1,000 people.
Paralympic gold medallist Lucy Brown says she will not change discipline to qualify for the 2016 Rio Games.
A rugby player died after his car was involved in a high-speed race with a Porsche, an inquest has heard.
A man has been arrested in Australia after allegedly driving a stolen bulldozer into a house in New South Wales, flattening it.
Formula 1's first practice session of the season at the Hungarian Grand Prix was halted because of three separate problems.
Cardiff Blues moved five points clear at the top of the Premiership with a bonus-point win over Pau in France.
Families whose babies' ashes were not given to them by a crematorium are to take legal action against the council.
The Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, Theresa May, has written to European Council President Donald Tusk to notify him of the UK's intention to withdraw from the European Union.
The Northern Ireland poultry industry is one of the biggest in the world.
French customs officials have seized a painting of a young woman by Leonardo da Vinci from a boat in the English Channel, despite a court order preventing its export.
MPs have invited Sir Bradley Wiggins' former team-mate to give evidence about the delivery of a "suspicious package" to him.
A man has been jailed for life for the murder of a shopkeeper in Glasgow.
With just over a week to go until the referendum on EU membership, BBC political correspondent Mark Lowen looks at some of the key issues facing pollsters.
Leeds Rhinos coach Brian McDermott says his side's desire to win the Super League Grand Final gave them an edge in Sunday's final.
New Zealand all-rounder Corey Anderson has been ruled out for the rest of the T20 Blast with a hamstring injury.
Talks aimed at averting the imposition of a new NHS contract in England have entered their third day.
A hotline has been established between Pakistan and Afghanistan in a bid to counter the growing threat from Taliban militants.
The Sydney Sixers will face Perth Scorchers in the final of the Big Bash after beating Brisbane Heat by one run in a super over.
Barcelona extended their lead at the top of La Liga to eight points after a comfortable win over Atletico Madrid.
The head of Spain's rail operator Renfe has said the driver of a train that derailed in the south of the country last month did not report any problems during the journey.
The funeral of a fan of Ariana Grande who was killed in the Manchester attack has taken place.
Yorkshire Diamonds were beaten by Surrey Stars in the Women's Super League, despite a fine half-century from Sophie Beaumont.
Championship side Fulham have signed Borussia Monchengladbach midfielder Apostolos Petsos on loan until the end of the season.
Shares in Asia fell sharply on Thursday after US Federal Reserve chair Janet Yellen said the US economy was "on track" for growth.
Cardiff Blues' hopes of reaching the European Champions Cup quarter-finals were ended as they were beaten by Gloucester at Kingsholm.
The cause of a sinkhole that opened up under a road and left a lorry stranded is still being investigated, a council has said.
Formula 1 is celebrating its 40th anniversary this weekend, with the British Grand Prix taking place on the same day as the 50th anniversary of Lewis Hunt's victory over Niki Lauda.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car that was seen being driven "dangerously" in west Belfast.
Alex Schalk scored a late winner as Ross County came from behind to beat Hibernian in the Scottish Championship.
A number of dogs have been taken ill after being walked in a field near a cricket ground.
Former Wales fly-half Gareth Jenkins says the Six Nations is "the be-all and end-all" for the national team.
Mae Heddlu Gogledd Cymru wedi ei gyhuddo o geisio llofruddio yng Nghaerdydd wedi marw.
UK researchers have developed "fingerprints" that could be used to authenticate electronic devices.
A number of benzodiazepine tablets have been found in a car boot following a break-in at a pharmacy in Wrexham.
England pulled off one of the greatest comebacks in the history of Test cricket when they beat South Africa by seven wickets in the fourth Test at Lord's.
British 10,000m runner Katie Andrews says she has been "overwhelmed" by the reaction from home after winning at Parliament Hill.
At first glance, it would be hard to know that a remote retreat in the US state of Pennsylvania is home to one of the world's most influential and controversial figures.
The Indian authorities have appealed against the acquittal of two Portuguese men over the rape and murder of an Irish teenager in 2014.
If you wanted to know what was going on at Dundee United then get yourself to the Phoenix bar in Dundee city centre and ask Del Boy.
Police in the US state of Ohio have charged a woman with rape and robbery after a taxi driver was attacked by two men.
The family of a County Londonderry man who died in China have said they are "devastated" by his death.
An artist has taken to the sea for the first time to create a collection of paintings and etchings.
Scotland's Six Nations campaign came to an end with a narrow defeat by France in Paris, despite a spirited second-half fightback.
Motorists in Dorset are set to stage a 24-hour strike in a row over pay.
Hundreds of workers at the Michelin factory in County Antrim are due to return to work on Thursday.
Oxfam says the world's richest countries are not giving enough money to help those affected by the Syrian conflict.
The Revenant has been named best film at the Golden Globe awards in Los Angeles.
Atletico Madrid boss Diego Simeone has often been criticised for his lack of experience as a manager.
A guide dog has become one of EasyJet's most travelled dogs in the UK.
The US state of Hawaii has filed a legal challenge to President Donald Trump's second executive order on immigration.
The Reality Check team has been looking at your questions about the EU referendum and what the future holds.
Staff at the University of Wrexham have accused two of their professors of bullying and harassment.
Saracens wing Alex Hughes has been included in the England training squad for the autumn Tests in November.
Derbyshire fast bowler Jack Cotton has signed a new one-year contract with the Division Two club, while pace bowler James Taylor has also agreed a new deal.
Hundreds of people have attended vigils in memory of Shrien Dewani who was killed in a car hijacking in South Africa last year.
A copy of the 1916 Easter Rising Proclamation has been sold at auction in Dublin for Â£20,000 ($30,000).
A payday lender has agreed to pay £700,000 to customers who may have been misled about the affordability of their loans.
Singer-songwriter Shirley Mitchell is making "remarkable progress" after suffering a brain aneurysm, according to her former partner Phil Collins.
Motorists in Edinburgh are to be charged 20mph for the first time under plans to introduce a network of 20mph speed limits across the city.
More than 5,000 patients in Scotland missed at least one NHS outpatient appointment in the past year, according to new figures.
Seven people have been named as the new chief executives of the UK's biggest companies, including Easyjet's Carolyn McCall and Homebase's Veronique Laury.
The man in charge of the redevelopment of the Maze prison site has said there will be two roads linking up to the M1 motorway in the next 12 months.
The Australian government has agreed to pay A$70m (Â£45m; $53m) to settle claims made by asylum seekers held on an island in Papua New Guinea.
A council has been ordered to pay more than £1m to a former employee who was sexually abused by a colleague.
Plans for a Â£1bn glass tower on the edge of Southampton Water have been unveiled.
WBA super-lightweight champion Liam Taylor says he has learned to deal with the cuts he suffered in his win over France's Charles Joubert in Belfast.
The future of a Grade II-listed theatre in Burnley has been put up for auction.
Pope Francis has announced that all priests in the Catholic Church will be allowed to forgive women who have had an abortion.
An Indian couple who claimed to have climbed the world's highest mountain, Mount Everest, have been arrested for "misleading" police.
Manchester City missed the chance to go top of the Premier League as they were held to a draw by Burnley at Etihad Stadium.
An 86-year-old woman has died in a fire at a house in Stirling.
Starbucks, the world's biggest coffee chain, has reported a rise in profits for the year to the end of October.
Former Formula 1 driver Mark Webber says he is "surprised" his Porsche team are still in contention to win the World Endurance Championship.
Nicola Sturgeon has said she is "angry" at the UK government's "walk-on-by attitude" to the migrant crisis in Europe.
Plans for a new £10m palliative care unit at Royal Glamorgan Hospital have been unveiled.
Brighton moved into the Championship play-off places with a comfortable win over Bristol City.
A health board has said it has had to cancel some "non-urgent" operations due to "seasonal pressures" in hospitals across Northern Ireland.
Barclays has agreed to pay $450m (£280m) in the US to settle claims that some of its dealers rigged the Libor lending rate.
Two young Irish rugby players who were banned from playing the sport because of their eyesight have been cleared to take part in a World Rugby goggles trial.
Scottish Rugby has been awarded the right to host the 2016 European Rugby Champions Cup finals at Murrayfield.
Crewe Alexandra manager Steve Davis says the future of the League Two club is "very healthy" after signing seven under-21 players.
Saracens missed out on a place in the Premiership final for the second year in a row as they were held to a draw at Exeter.
NHS staff using Google are being asked to complete a security check to ensure they are not robots, the BBC understands.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored a hat-trick as Real Madrid beat Japanese side Kashima Antlers 4-2 in extra time to win the Club World Cup.
The father of missing airman Corrie Mckeague has said he is "heartbroken" by the amount of rubbish found at the scene of his son's last known movements.
A free childcare scheme for three and four-year-olds could cost the Welsh Government more than £200m a year, it has been claimed.
US First Lady Michelle Obama is to appear on James Corden's Carpool Karaoke show for the first time.
An exhibition celebrating the 150th anniversary of Jane Austen's Pride and Prejudice has opened.
Wigan head coach Tony Smith says his side's Super League win over Hull FC on Friday will give them confidence ahead of the Grand Final at Old Trafford.
England's Chris Woakes, Ben Duckett and James Roland-Jones have been named Wisden Cricketers' Almanack 2016 players of the year.
Five children have been taken to hospital after a crash involving a car and a lorry in North Yorkshire.
A man has been arrested in connection with the death of a 70-year-old woman in Bangor, Gwynedd.
Tom Draper scored twice as Welsh Premier League side Cardiff City beat Scottish League Two leaders Forfar Athletic to reach the second round of the Scottish Cup.
The Welsh Government will have to make "tough decisions" in its first year in power, First Minister Carwyn Jones has said.
A former football coach has been arrested on suspicion of historical sex offences against children.
A host of leading Scottish figures have been recognised in the Queen's Birthday Honours list.
The number of nursing homes in England has fallen for the first time in five years, figures from the health watchdog show.
A woman in the US state of New York has pleaded not guilty to drink-driving, claiming that she has a condition that causes her to ferment food.
Scientists say they have found a genetic mutation that may have helped early humans to develop a bigger brain.
Tottenham have broken their transfer record to sign Spain striker Roberto Soldado from Valencia for a fee thought to be around £25m.
Staff at a mental health hospital in Newcastle were "shocked and upset" when a pizza order was sent with the words "Mental Health" written on it.
An extra £4.2m has been pledged to help repair flood defences damaged during the winter storms.
Five players have been shortlisted for the BBC Women's Footballer of the Year 2015 award.
Huddersfield Giants secured their place in the Super League Qualifiers with a hard-fought victory over Super League strugglers Warrington Wolves.
Rock band U2 have played their first gig in the Republic of Ireland in more than 30 years.
Wales thrashed Moldova 3-0 in their opening 2018 World Cup qualifier in Chisinau.
The Met Office has issued an amber warning for flooding in parts of Northern Ireland.
Police in Iran say they have arrested seven people for making a "vulgar" video of themselves dancing to the popular song Happy.
Two brothers have gone on trial accused of helping to conceal the body of a Polish mother-of-three whose remains were found under rubble.
The government has lost a legal challenge against its plan to tackle air pollution in England and Wales.
After conducting the BBC Proms for the first time last night, American conductor Anna Alsop has spoken to the BBC about the "emotional and moving" experience of leading the event.
A court in the Afghan capital Kabul has sentenced a man to life in prison for raping his daughter.
An RAF pilot who caused an aircraft to nosedive into the Black Sea has been given a three-month suspended jail sentence.
The so-called Islamic State (IS) group is increasingly using the messaging app Telegram to spread its propaganda, rather than Twitter, the BBC has learned.
Iraq's parliament has approved a package of reforms aimed at overhauling the country's political system and tackling corruption.
Kenya's women suffered a 2-1 defeat by Tanzania in Dar es Salaam on Tuesday, ending their hopes of qualifying for next year's finals.
Great Britain's Helen Glover and Katherine Stanning won Olympic gold in the women's double sculls at Rio 2016.
Plans for a new footbridge across the River Thames in London have been approved by two councils.
Hull City manager Mike Phelan did not have time to consider all his options during the summer transfer window, according to assistant boss Jonathan Davies.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England - the gallery will grow during the week.
Members of the Republic of Ireland's Citizens' Assembly have voted in favour of no restrictions on abortion.
Munster have been cleared by the European Professional Footballers' Association (EPCR) of breaching concussion rules after Conor Murray suffered a head injury against Glasgow in January.
Tributes have been paid to those killed in clashes between police and protesters in the Iraqi capital, Baghdad, on Friday.
A woman who gave birth to six children has been ordered by the Court of Protection in Cardiff to be sterilised.
The winning design for a Â£30m restoration of a 19th Century stately home that was destroyed by fire is to be announced.
Britain's Chris Froome finished second in the second stage of the Criterium du Dauphine on Tuesday.
Firefighters have been tackling a major blaze at a seaside market in Norfolk.
Four men have been arrested in the north-east of England as part of an investigation into a suspected "jihadist network", police have said.
Jordan is the largest country in the Middle East and one of the most important states in the region.
The head of the UN humanitarian agency in eastern Ukraine has said pro-Russian rebels in Luhansk have ordered it and several other organisations to leave the region.
India will take part in this summer's Champions Trophy despite a dispute with the sport's world governing body.
Former environment secretary Lord Rooker has called on the government to reintroduce forests into flood-prone areas of the UK.
The Flandreau Santee Sioux tribe in the US state of South Carolina has burned down a marijuana farm it had planned to open on New Year's Eve.
Conservative Peter Houchen has been elected Tees Valley mayor in what he described as a "political earthquake".
The Russian Orthodox Church has denied a woman's claim that she saw myrrh seeping from a bust of tsar Nicholas II, 100 years after his death.
US President Donald Trump has nominated Neil Gorsuch to be the next US Supreme Court justice.
Iranian-born software engineer Sohrab Howe is one of the world's most successful women in the technology industry.
Photographs of a former railway station have gone on display to mark the 50th anniversary of its closure.
Markets in China and Hong Kong closed lower on Monday after a survey showed that manufacturing activity in the world's second largest economy shrank in October.
A man is in a serious condition in hospital after he was shot by police during an armed raid on a jewellery store in central London.
Bayer Leverkusen head coach Juergen Schmidt has been banned for the next two games after being found guilty of misconduct by the German FA.
Austria's far-right Freedom Party (FPOe) has won the run-off vote for the presidency of the country, in a vote seen as a referendum on the migrant crisis.
The Scottish Green Party has gained its first councillor in Orkney, in a by-election.
A 25-year-old motorcyclist has died after being involved in a three-vehicle crash in Inverness.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at the aftermath of the UK's EU referendum.
A postcard sent to a woman in Spain 29 years ago has been found in a box at a post office in Cornwall.
The Prince of Wales has marked the centenary of the start of World War One by paying tribute to those who lost their lives.
Newport Gwent Dragons have signed former Australia international prop Willie Mason on a one-year deal.
US drugmaker Pfizer has agreed to buy a US company that makes a cream for eczema in a deal that values the company at $9.6bn (£6.4bn).
A Canadian kidnapped in the Philippines has been beheaded by an Islamist militant group, the country's government has confirmed.
Madonna has released the first video from her new album, Annihilation.
South Africa's governing African National Congress (ANC) says it is "disgusted" by a new cartoon depicting President Jacob Zuma with his genitals exposed.
Cornwall and the Isles of Scilly have voted to leave the European Union.
An elderly man has been threatened with a knife during a robbery at his home in Glasgow.
It's been a night to remember for the Scottish Conservatives, who have made some of their biggest gains in decades.
China's Ding Junhui came from five frames down to beat Portugal's Marco Figueiredo 6-5 in the first round of the World Championship at the Crucible.
The Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) has been criticised for the way it communicates with victims of crime in England and Wales.
World number one Angelique Kerber lost 6-4 6-2 to Zheng Saisai in the second round of the Australian Open in Melbourne.
A memorial service has been held to mark the 75th anniversary of the Battle of the English Channel.
The US space agency's (Nasa) Curiosity rover has just landed on one of the most exciting moons of Saturn yet.
Hundreds of people have taken part in street parties across London to mark the Queen's 90th birthday.
Actress Angharad McAlpine has died after a long battle with pancreatic cancer, her family has said.
A teacher has been charged with sending a hoax bomb threat to a school where a teenage girl was a pupil.
National League side Macclesfield Town have signed striker Jordan Marsh on a one-year deal following his release by Dover Athletic.
The Premier League has come to an end and it has been a season to remember.
Six people have been killed in a house fire in the United States.
A US college entrance exam has been cancelled in South Korea and Hong Kong after "credible evidence" that questions were leaked.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has said he could bring back Clause IV of the party's constitution if he wins the election.
Swansea City midfielder Gylfi Sigurdsson says the club are "back to the old Swansea" after a poor start to the season.
Three police forces in Wales have been rated "inadequate" in a review of their handling of domestic abuse.
Britain's Paul Smith lost his WBA super-middleweight title to Germany's Juergen Zeuge by a unanimous points decision.
Oscar and Bafta-winning actor Jim Broadbent is to star in the second of two TV dramas about the Great Train Robbery.
The US state department has refused to say if it will drop charges against Indian film-maker Arundhati Khobragade, who was arrested last week.
England have won the Under-20 World Cup for the first time.
A United Arab Emirates (UAE) human rights activist has been awarded the Martin Ennals Award at the UN Human Rights Council in Geneva.
Five MPs have called on Chancellor George Osborne to invest more in transport in the North of England.
British number two Dan Evans reached the second round of qualifying for the Australian Open with a hard-fought win over American Sam Querrey in Melbourne.
Voting is under way in local elections across Merseyside.
The body of a seven-year-old boy has been recovered from a river in North Lanarkshire after a major search.
A petition calling for a ban on pork in school meals in France has been backed by more than 70,000 people.
Dublin beat Mayo 0-17 to 0-13 in the All-Ireland Football Championship semi-final at Croke Park to retain their title.
The second group of Syrian refugees to arrive in Londonderry have been speaking to BBC Radio Foyle about life in Northern Ireland.
A Russian official has been expelled from the Rio Paralympics for carrying a Russian flag in a protest against the country's ban from the Games.
A drunk driver who ran over and killed a 19-year-old man on a farm has been jailed for eight years.
Former Tour de France winner David Miller has returned to British Cycling as an anti-doping consultant.
Firefighters are continuing to tackle a large grass fire which has been burning for more than a week.
Six men have been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences in connection with Anjem Choudary, the former head of a banned Islamist group.
Physicists are at odds over an idea to harness the power of light to boost the speed of communications.
The mental health of women during pregnancy and after birth has been of particular concern to mental health professionals for some time.
Worcestershire all-rounder Tom Shantry has signed a new three-year contract with the county.
Hydropower projects in Wales are being hit by huge business rates rises, the British Hydropower Association has said.
Brighton & Hove Albion midfielder Dale Stephens has been banned for the Championship play-off semi-final after the Football Association upheld his red card.
French centre-right presidential candidate Francois Fillon is due to make his first public appearance since a scandal over his wife's pay.
More than two-thirds of UK workers have attended work when they were ill, according to a survey by a health insurer.
Residents of a Sheffield tower block have said they feel "betrayed" after cladding on the building failed fire safety tests.
An Australian man has been charged with using a false identity to work as a doctor.
US President Barack Obama has defended his relationship with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, after the Israeli leader accused the US of spying on nuclear talks with Iran.
A woman has been found guilty of indecently assaulting a teenage girl more than a decade ago.
The government's new national strategy on tackling extremism has been unveiled in the House of Commons.
Prime Minister Theresa May's approach to the issue of a hard border between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland could be "politically lethal", Lord Alderdice has said.
Universities will be asked to justify how they can pay their vice-chancellors more than the prime minister, Mayor of London Boris Johnson will say.
A skeleton of one of the world's largest carnivorous dinosaurs has been sold at an auction in the US.
Wycombe goalkeeper Jack Blackman saved a late penalty to earn his side a goalless draw at home to Blackpool.
The number of people waiting to see a GP in Wales has risen for the first time in six years, figures have shown.
A defibrillator has been stolen from a village hall, the latest in a series of thefts in the past year.
More than a third of drivers in England have hit a pothole in the past two years, according to a survey by the AA.
A review is to be carried out into the effectiveness of 20mph speed limits in Manchester after accidents fell in some areas but not others.
St Johnstone midfielder Scott Craig has signed a new two-year contract with the Scottish Premiership club.
Welsh Labour MP Jo Stevens has rejected claims that the party has "no chance" of winning power at Westminster.
A greyhound's ear has been removed from its body after it was dumped in Lancashire, it has emerged.
The trial of a German woman accused of being part of a far-right murder cell has begun in the southern city of Nuremberg.
US TV network Univision has said it will not air a beauty pageant owned by Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump.
Tom Hiddleston has apologised for "getting the better of me" during his acceptance speech at the Golden Globe awards.
A £200m shopping centre in Newport has opened to the public.
The head of India's central bank has told the BBC that central banks may not have the tools to tackle the country's economic problems.
Political parties in the UK are promising to clamp down on tax evasion and avoidance.
Rescue workers are continuing to search for survivors of Wednesday's earthquake in central Italy, as the death toll rises.
A memorial service is to be held in memory of the 11 people who died in the Shoreham air crash.
The police and crime commissioner (PCC) was warned by the chief constable that moving his office to the force's Middlemoor headquarters could cost up to £500,000.
The Australian government has announced a $1.3bn (Â£1.1bn) drought assistance package for farmers in Queensland.
A grand jury in the US state of Texas has decided not to bring charges over the death of Sandra Bland, who hanged herself in jail.
League Two side Crewe Alexandra have signed former Scunthorpe United and Blackpool midfielder Chris Nolan on a two-year deal.
China's Ding Junhui is through to the semi-finals of the UK Championship for the first time in his career after winning his quarter-final.
Derbyshire fast bowler Tim Berg could be out for up to six weeks with a hamstring injury, according to head coach Gary Benkenstein.
The partner of a man who died after being hit by a car has told a court she felt like she was "in a washing machine" during the crash.
Cafodd y penderfyniad i ganiatáu menywod i fod yn esgobion ei wneud yn 2013.
Hartlepool United have appointed Barrow boss Kevin Cox as their new manager on a two-year deal.
Cadbury has announced that it is dropping Fairtrade certification from all of its products.
Nigerian author Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie has won the National Book Award for her third novel, The Woman in the Window.
A Dundee United fan has been fined for striking a Rangers fan in the head during a match.
The US has stepped up security ahead of the Super Bowl in San Francisco on Sunday, amid fears of a terror attack.
Bolton Wanderers midfielder Fabrice Muamba was "in effect dead" when he collapsed on the pitch and was taken to hospital, according to the player's doctor.
A 23-year-old man has died after being found with serious head injuries in Dumfries and Galloway.
Nico Rosberg set the pace on the first day of pre-season testing for Mercedes at Barcelona's Circuit de Catalunya.
Hans Ulrich Obrist has been named the world's most influential art curator for the second year running.
Royal Dutch Shell has apologised after a cardboard cutout of a female employee appeared in adverts for its gas and oil products in Malaysia.
Mae Llywodraeth Cymru yn credu fod y drefn o gategoreiddio yn helpu i ddod o hyd i'r ysgolion sydd angen mwyaf o gynnydd.
When Prof David Benton was growing up in the 1960s, he never thought he would see the day when vegetable oil would become so commonplace in our homes.
Worcestershire's hopes of avoiding relegation from the County Championship suffered a setback on day three against Kent at Canterbury.
North Korea says it has successfully tested a submarine-launched ballistic missile, in what would be the country's first nuclear test.
The Information Commissioner's Office says it has seen an increase in the number of fraudsters trying to steal people's pension savings.
A County Antrim man, Jason Loughlin, is challenging a decision not to seek to re-impose jail terms on two brothers who gave evidence against him in 2012.
Young people in England and Wales are being warned about the dangers of buying contact lenses without an optician.
A worker at Byron restaurant, where 35 people were arrested in immigration raids in July, has said he was "thrown away" by immigration officials.
National League side Eastleigh have signed midfielder Jordan Cole from fellow strugglers Staines Town for an undisclosed fee.
Game of Thrones actress Sophie Turner has joined the cast of Top of the Lake, the BBC has announced.
The Newry-based financial technology firm, First Derivatives, has reported a pre-tax profit of £9.5m for the six months to the end of December.
A man who carried out a series of burglaries in Manchester has been given a lifetime ban from the city's streets.
Irish Prime Minister Enda Kenny is due to meet UK Prime Minister David Cameron in Downing Street later to discuss the UK's membership of the European Union.
A Scottish inquiry into allegations of police spying has been ordered by the UK government.
Lazio will play their next two Europa League games behind closed doors after being banned for two matches.
A US judge has thrown out an attempt to force Apple to unlock a phone used by the San Bernardino gunman.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has cancelled a rally in Chicago after violent clashes between his supporters and protesters.
Ospreys and Wales scrum-half Rhys Webb has signed a new two-year deal with the region.
A four-year-old girl has been airlifted to hospital after being attacked by a dog.
Bolton Wanderers defender Dorian Dervite has signed a new one-year contract with the Championship club.
The Pullman carriage which carried Winston Churchill's coffin at his state funeral 50 years ago has been restored.
An exhibition of the nude bodies of people who took part in Hull's bid to become UK City of Culture is to go on display.
A collection of recordings by a family who lived in London more than 100 years ago have been restored and put on display at the Museum of London.
UKIP has accused the BBC's Have I Got News of breaking the law after it aired a joke about UKIP leader Nigel Farage.
Engineers in Italy have built an octopus-like appendage that they hope could be used in surgery.
A steam locomotive has returned to the North Yorkshire Moors Railway for the first time in 10 years.
A woman has been charged after a fight broke out at a Lord of the Dance show, in which choreographer Katie Flatley starred.
A west Wales radio station is to move to a new home in Carmarthenshire, BBC Wales understands.
A judge in Argentina has ordered the seizure of the assets of five oil companies drilling for oil in the Falkland Islands.
The B-52 bomber has flown over Greater Manchester for the last time before being grounded.
The Department for Energy and Climate Change has published its long-awaited report on the impact of Brexit on the UK's energy system.
An app that allows people to find out who their friends are has been developed by the company behind Snapchat.
World number one Rory McIlroy finished in a tie for third as Japan's Hideki Matsuyama won his first PGA Tour title in China.
The search for a kayaker who went missing off the coast of Northern Ireland has been called off after it was declared a hoax.
Facebook has announced a raft of new add-on apps for its Messenger app, including a way for people to post to other social networks.
It's that time of year again when the world's two biggest economies meet for the first time.
US special forces are to be deployed to Iraq to help local forces fight so-called Islamic State (IS), US Defence Secretary Ash Carter has said.
The US has expressed concern after Egyptian authorities raided the offices of several US-based non-governmental organisations (NGOs).
The Royal Museum of Natural History in London is one of the few places in the UK where you won't be able to see the police.
A motorcyclist has been airlifted to hospital after being found unconscious on a Pembrokeshire beach.
A family from Coleraine who travelled to Belfast for a One Direction concert have said they are "angry" after the show was cancelled.
Work has begun on a memorial to the Spitfire at the site of the Battle of the Somme.
Ryan Owens scored two tries as Widnes Vikings beat Warrington Wolves to secure a place in the Super League play-offs.
South Africa is one of the world's most popular tourist destinations, with more than three million visitors a year.
League Two side Leyton Orient have signed Chesterfield midfielder Yann Kermorgant for an undisclosed fee.
(Close): The Nasdaq index suffered its biggest one-day fall in more than a year.
I am talking to a group of Sri Lankan women who have been detained in Saudi Arabia for running away from home.
US President Barack Obama has welcomed a Supreme Court ruling that upholds a key part of his healthcare law.
A man who escaped from custody more than 40 years ago has been jailed for three years for firearms offences.
Tens of thousands of Coptic Christians have gathered in the Egyptian capital, Cairo, to mourn the death of Pope Shenouda.
A murder investigation has been launched after a man's body was found in a car in Nottinghamshire.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn's appearance at the party conference in Brighton this week was a bit of a let-down, as he was photographed with a giant cucumber.
Wales manager Chris Coleman says he is not surprised by England striker Marcus Rashford's call-up to the Euro 2016 squad.
MPs have voted in favour of the government's same-sex marriage bill, despite a last-ditch attempt to change it.
Two chemistry labs and a restaurant have been forced to close after a fire at Dundee University.
Brentford boosted their play-off hopes with victory over League Two strugglers Notts County thanks to two goals from Joao Santos.
The number of drug users in Wrexham has more than doubled in the last 10 years, according to a report by the BBC.
Tanzania's main opposition leader has accused the electoral commission in Zanzibar of failing to protect voters in Sunday's presidential and parliamentary elections.
More than 5,000 new jobs were created or safeguarded by overseas firms in Wales last year, according to new figures.
Sarin gas was used in a chemical attack on a rebel-held town in Syria in April that killed more than 80 people, an OPCW investigation has concluded.
Yemen's al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP) group has said it will launch a series of attacks on the government if it does not release 10 soldiers it kidnapped last month.
A man from Dumfries has been reunited with his lost suitbag after it was found in the wardrobe of a woman who attended the same remembrance ceremony.
Paralympic gold medallist David Weir has said he has retired from British Athletics.
Up to 76 jobs could go at the University of Shropshire, it has been announced.
The Council for the Curriculum, Examinations and Assessment (CCEA) is investigating an allegation of malpractice in a business studies exam.
Pop star Ed Sheeran has played two surprise sets at this year's Glastonbury Festival.
The former rebel leader in the Democratic Republic of Congo, Jean-Pierre Bemba, has returned to the country to help fight the Ebola outbreak.
Brentwood and Ongar MP Sir Eric Pickles has announced he is to stand down in June's general election.
Paris St-Germain suffered their first Ligue 1 defeat for more than a year as they were beaten by Lyon at Stade de France.
Juventus goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon has signed a new five-year contract with the Serie A champions.
Wearable, health-focused gadgets are becoming more and more popular.
Pope Francis has approved a second miracle attributed to the Indian nun Mother Teresa, paving the way for her to be made a saint.
Bomb disposal experts have carried out a controlled explosion on two unexploded World War Two bombs found on a beach in Aberdeenshire.
Used Volkswagens have not fallen in value since the emissions scandal broke last year, according to a new report.
The chief executive of Facebook has said he is "somewhat sympathetic" to Apple over a court order to help the FBI unlock an iPhone.
The body of a woman has been recovered from the debris of a Malaysia Airlines plane that crashed in the Java Sea, Indonesian officials say.
Oban Camanachd beat Kilmallie 3-1 to reach the semi-finals of the Camanachd Cup.
Belgian police have killed two suspected Islamist militants in a raid in the north-eastern town of Verviers, a prosecutor says.
Night-vision goggles are to be used by council staff to tackle dog fouling in Staffordshire.
A "sozzled" squirrel has been caught on camera running around a railway club's bar after it turned on the tap.
The Scottish government is being urged to reveal what it knew about allegations that Police Scotland spied on a journalist.
A US man who spent 22 years on death row after being wrongly convicted of murder has been freed after his case was reopened.
Five Edinburgh businesses have been fined for using communal bins meant for residents to dispose of their waste.
The families of two inmates who killed themselves at a prison in Buckinghamshire have launched a legal bid for a judicial review of their deaths.
The Red Arrows will be replaced by a new team in the next two years, RAF chief Sir Michael Fallon has said.
An 83-year-old actor who is terminally ill has written to the House of Lords calling for a change in the law.
Stoke City defender Lee Johnson has signed a new three-year contract with the Premier League club.
Nice striker Mario Balotelli has accused French Ligue 1 side Bastia of making monkey noises to him during their 2-1 defeat at Stade de France.
Members of the RMT union on Virgin Trains on the east coast have voted in favour of strike action in a dispute over jobs.
Bournemouth captain Tommy Elphick could miss the rest of the season after having surgery on an ankle injury.
Top Gear presenter Chris Evans has been suggested as a possible replacement for Jeremy Clarkson, while UKIP leader Nigel Farage is also being considered.
Bees in 17 European countries died by an average of 13.6% last year, according to a new report.
The body of a North Korean man killed in Malaysia has been returned to the country, the Chinese foreign ministry says.
The United Nations (UN) has ended its project with Wonder Woman after a backlash over the character's "sexualised" image.
The owner of a yacht has been taken to hospital after an explosion ripped through the vessel off the Western Isles.
A pro-refugee campaigner has been found guilty of racially aggravated behaviour at a far-right demonstration.
A five-year-old boy has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in North Lanarkshire.
Council tax could be increased in Liverpool to help fund the city's green spaces, a report has suggested.
Nigeria's government says it has shut down a radio station that supports the creation of a breakaway state of Biafra.
A homeless man who lived on the streets and in hostels until 1996 has been recognised in the New Year Honours list.
Boeing has tested a new high powered laser that can be folded up and used as a weapon.
Five people have been arrested in connection with the death of a teenager who was stabbed in a north London park.
Crusaders will take a huge step towards retaining the Irish Premiership title if they beat Coleraine on Saturday.
Former Liverpool and Scotland striker John St John says he has been diagnosed with dementia and believes it is caused by playing football in the past.
BBC Sport takes a look at some of the sports you may have missed over the past year.
A life-size portrait of Mozart has been painted and projected on to buildings in Newcastle and Gateshead.
Hundreds of 'Boris bikes' are to be installed in Bristol as part of a new £2.5m cycle hire scheme, it has been announced.
India won the second Test against Sri Lanka by an innings and 95 runs in Colombo to level the three-match series at 1-1.
US presidential hopeful Donald Trump has said he will move a golf tournament from Florida to Mexico City if he wins the election.
MSPs have voted down the SNP's plans to introduce minimum pricing for alcohol in Scotland.
Status Quo have paid tribute to Rick Parfitt, who has died at the age of 74, on their website.
Car insurance premiums are set to rise by an average of £13 a year, the AA has warned, ahead of a rise in Insurance Premium Tax (IPT).
If you are a fan of football, you may have seen the Derby County v Fulham game on Saturday - but there was more to it than that.
Hibernian manager Neil Lennon says he has been pleased with his side's pre-season preparations ahead of their Betfred Cup opener against Montrose.
The rector of the University of Stirling has warned that changes to the way universities are governed could threaten the role of the rector.
Cardiff City captain Peter Whittingham will not be rushed into signing a new contract with the club.
A drilling rig is to be sent to the Beatrice oil field as part of the decommissioning of the site.
Defending champion Mark Selby says he has not reached his peak yet at the World Championship.
French presidential candidate Francois Fillon and his wife, Penelope, have been questioned by police as part of an inquiry into their alleged misuse of public money.
Plymouth Argyle's Chris Kelly has been charged by the Football Association for allegedly pushing a ball boy during Saturday's 1-1 draw with Rochdale.
National League strugglers Guiseley have signed Wrexham midfielder Joel Smith on loan until the end of the season.
A sculpture of musician Michael Ronson has been unveiled in Hull as part of the city's City of Culture celebrations.
A woman has been arrested after police found two stolen iPhones at a house in Whitley Bay, Northumberland.
A woman has died after being hit by a train on a level crossing in Suffolk.
Entertainer Patrick O'Donnell has said he has struggled with anxiety since taking part in Strictly Come Dancing last year.
The search is on for the next 'psychic' octopus to predict the outcome of the Women's World Cup.
Colwyn Bay have parted company with manager Gary Lynch with the club in danger of relegation from the National League.
A blind man has won the men's title at the World Conker Championships for the first time.
A car driver has been caught with a sofa in the boot of his vehicle, police have said.
The Paris Air Show is usually a showcase for the world's best fighter aircraft, but this year there is a new addition to the line-up.
What is it like to live in Soho, one of London's most exclusive neighbourhoods?
The US has accused the UN Human Rights Council of having a "chronic anti-Israel bias" and of not doing enough to criticise Venezuela.
The Church of England is to divest from fossil fuels for the first time, it has announced.
Swansea City manager Francesco Guidolin says he is "worried" for the club's position in the Premier League table.
Manchester United's hopes of reaching the last 16 of the Champions League suffered a major blow as they were thrashed by Greek champions Olympiakos in Athens.
The US has said it expects Pakistan to treat the attack on an Indian air force base as an act of terrorism.
An Indian woman who says she was forced to marry her Pakistani husband has returned to Delhi after more than a year in captivity.
Three senior Liberal Democrat politicians have lost their seats in the general election in Scotland.
MPs in Madagascar have voted in favour of impeaching President Hery Rajaonarimampianina.
England captain Alastair Cook hit his second double century of the Test series against Pakistan to leave the match delicately poised.
Lecturers at a number of Glasgow colleges have agreed to end a local dispute over pay.
Didn't the prime minister and the chancellor say they would only take military action in Syria if there was a consensus here in the UK?
The world's biggest bouncy castle has been unveiled at a music festival in Hampshire.
A suspected firearm has been found in a bin in north Belfast.
A court in Indonesia has sentenced two boys to 10 years in prison for the rape and murder of a 13-year-old girl.
Mexico's interior minister, Luis Felipe Galindo, has been sacked over an investigation into the deaths of more than 50 people during a police raid.
Computer systems used by airlines to book flights are vulnerable to hacking, security researchers have warned.
The morale of police officers in England and Wales is lower than in the armed forces, according to a BBC survey.
Leeds Rhinos came from behind to beat Salford Red Devils in Super League.
Oxford City Council has agreed to allow pedestrians to use the A34 for the first time since the road was closed to traffic.
England's tour of Bangladesh in October will go ahead as planned, the England and Wales Cricket Board has confirmed.
The chief executive of Liverpool City Council has been arrested as part of an investigation into alleged fraud at the council.
David Cameron is to visit Spain and France this week as he continues his push for a "fairer, more flexible" EU.
Torquay United manager Kevin Nicholson says his side must improve if they are to beat National League leaders Tranmere Rovers on Thursday.
A giant flower which has been growing in a glass house at the Botanic Garden of Edinburgh for years is about to bloom.
Tyson Fury's world heavyweight title rematch with Wladimir Klitschko will go ahead on Saturday, despite the Briton being charged with a doping offence.
A woman has admitted the murder of three men whose bodies were found dumped in ditches in Cambridgeshire.
People could soon be able to pilot drones using only their brains, according to a new technology.
A new contractor has been appointed to carry out demolition work at the former Ballymena Power Station, where four people died.
Indonesia's main opposition party, the People's Democracy Party (PDI-P), has performed better than expected in parliamentary elections, early results show.
Anheuser-Busch InBev has agreed to buy rival SABMiller in a deal that would create one of the world's biggest brewers.
The Lawn Tennis Association (LTA) has announced plans to invest £250m in improving community tennis courts in Britain.
The government has announced that the South West of England is to get the largest share of a new stamp duty fund for second homes.
An artificial intelligence program is taking on the world's best poker players in a tournament being held in the US.
Two men have been jailed for life for the murder of a 30-year-old man in Randalstown, County Antrim.
The so-called Islamic State (IS) group says it has taken control of a hospital in the eastern Syrian city of Deir al-Zour after fierce fighting with government forces.
A Vietnamese court has sentenced a French-Vietnamese writer to 10 years in prison for inciting public opinion.
BBC Sport football expert Mark Lawrenson is predicting the outcome of every game at the 2014 Fifa World Cup.
Revenues from the UK music industry rose last year, the British Phonographic Industry (BPI) has said.
Uber has agreed to pay $2.5m (Â£1.8m) to settle a series of lawsuits brought by drivers who claimed the firm was not doing enough to ensure their safety.
Rangers in South Africa are searching for a lion that escaped from a national park where a tourist was mauled last week.
Poet Philip Larkin is to be honoured in Poets' Corner at Westminster Abbey.
A man who raped and murdered a 15-year-old girl more than 40 years ago has been jailed for 14 years.
South Sudan's president has sacked his entire cabinet, including the vice-president, in the latest twist in a power struggle.
The Russian space agency says it has lost control of a spacecraft that was due to dock with the International Space Station (ISS).
In a schoolroom in a refugee camp in Lebanon, the children are making models of what they would like to build.
A Scottish man and a woman from the Republic of Ireland have died after their yacht ran aground in the Western Cape.
Flooding caused by heavy rain in Norfolk has eased, the fire service said.
The Scottish SPCA has confirmed that a cat that died after being found under a car in Glasgow was poisoned with antifreeze.
A minor league baseball team in the US state of Utah has apologised for promoting a "Caucasian Heritage Night" in the wake of the Charleston church shooting.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of the murder of a woman from Milton Keynes who has been missing for more than a week.
What do you do when you have the flu and you're supposed to be performing at the MTV Video Music Awards?
A man has died and another has been seriously injured in a crash on the A713 in Ayrshire.
Leicester City won the Premier League for the first time in their history last season, beating Manchester City to the title in the process.
Nick Gubbins hit his second century of the season as Middlesex took control against Somerset at Taunton.
Labour leadership candidate Jeremy Corbyn has said he is "disappointed" by the UK's involvement in the Iraq war.
A hen party on a river trip turned into a "nightmare" when their boat got stuck in mud, the RNLI said.
Harry Potter actor David Bradley is to play William Hartnell in a new Doctor Who episode.
The European Commission has said it will take a "positive decision" on the Hinkley Point nuclear power station in Somerset.
Police have released a new image of a man they want to speak to in connection with the attempted murder of a couple during a burglary at their Kent home.
Work has started on a Â£2.3m project to transform Anglesey's former market hall into a community centre.
Theresa May has set a 12 December deadline for changes to police stop and search powers in England and Wales.
New Glentoran manager Stephen Haveron says a win over Linfield on Saturday would be the best way to turn around his side's fortunes in the Irish Premiership.
Doctors at a Gwynedd hospital have voted against plans to withdraw consultant-led maternity services for 18 months.
Dundee manager Grant McCann has given his players a day off after their League Cup defeat by Inverness Caledonian Thistle.
The Republic of Slovakia is one of Europe's newest countries, having gained independence from Czechoslovakia in 1993.
Burton Albion manager Nigel Clough says he has not ruled out re-signing former Derby County midfielder Chris Barker.
A derelict bowling pavilion is to be restored and turned into a tourist attraction in Cumbria.
England completed their Euro 2017 qualifying campaign with a comfortable win over Belgium in Leuven.
Google has confirmed it has ended its high-altitude internet-providing drones, Titan Aerospace.
A 22-year-old man has escaped from hospital in Manchester by jumping out of a first-floor window.
One of the world's most famous doctors, Frank Pantridge, had a reputation for having a mischievous streak and a low opinion of authority.
Britain's Lionhearts lost to Cuba in the final of the World Series of Boxing (WSB) in Las Vegas, USA.
Championship side Oldham ran in seven tries as they beat Hull KR in the first game of the 2016 Super League season.
Plans to turn Iran's notorious Evin prison into a park in Tehran have been approved by the city's mayor, the state news agency IRNA reports.
A woman has been taken to hospital with serious injuries after being hit by a van in East Lothian.
The Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) dropped a case against two men accused of raping an under-age girl in Greater Manchester.
The death of a young Cameroonian footballer from a cardiac arrest is one of the biggest tragedies in the world of sport.
The number of listeners to BBC Radio 1 and Radio 1Xtra has continued to fall, according to new figures from Nielsen Media Research.
A new festival is being held to mark the 800th anniversary of the birth of one of Scotland's most important philosophers.
Italian Marco Tedesco has been appointed as the new head coach of Schalke, ending Hoffenheim's three-year reign as Bundesliga champions.
Celtic have been fined £100,000 by Uefa for crowd disturbances during their Champions League group match against Besiktas.
A canal towpath in Carmarthenshire is to be closed to the public while repairs are carried out on an aqueduct.
The Scottish Professional Football League (SPFL) has updated its rules on tackling crowd trouble at matches.
In the early 1970s, the Maoist insurgency in central and eastern India began as a small group of anti-government rebels.
Scientists have sequenced the genetic code of every single cell in the human body for the first time.
Paralympic champion Sarah Storey won her 16th world title with victory in the women's individual time trial at the Para-cycling World Championships.
A court in Israel has sentenced former Prime Minister Ehud Olmert to three years in jail for corruption.
The government has defended its Queen's Speech, which includes plans for a UK-wide "smart city" in which people are tracked by their smart phones.
A boy who was mauled by a crocodile in an Australian national park has been found safe and well, police say.
England manager Roy Hodgson says a defeat in Monday's Euro 2016 qualifier against Switzerland would not make his side a poor team.
A smartphone app has been launched to help people in Aberdeen and Aberdeenshire who are at risk of taking their own lives.
Two County Antrim men have been given suspended prison sentences after thousands of tyres were found dumped on the shoreline of Lough Foyle.
Sri Lanka beat Australia by seven wickets in the first Test in Colombo to level the series at 1-1.
Typhoon Hagupit has made landfall in the Philippines, bringing heavy rain and strong winds to the capital, Manila.
Ireland all-rounder James Rankin will return to international cricket for the first time since playing for England in 2014.
When Zinedine Zidane took charge of Real Madrid at the end of February 2016, the club were in the worst state they had been in since winning the Champions League in 2004.
The new schedule for county cricket in England and Wales has been announced by the chief executive of the county's governing body.
A "five-figure sum" is expected to be spent to repair a 17th Century market cross which was hit by a car.
The Indian Ocean island of Reunion is the largest of France's overseas departments, with an estimated population of 865,000.
The US has said it is ready to work with Russia but will not be drawn into a military alliance with Moscow.
England's Justin Rose carded a six-under-par 66 to move two shots behind leader Rickie Fowler after the first round of the Wells Fargo Championship.
Alan Stubbs has left Hibernian to take over as head coach at Championship side Rotherham United.
Othman, a farmer from northern Iraq, was just a child when the Mosul Dam was built more than 30 years ago, he told the BBC.
West Ham chairman David Gold has learned the hard way that it is not always a good idea to retweet.
Turkeys, ducks, chickens and pigs have been stolen in a break-in at a Powys butcher's shop.
Former world number one Victoria Azarenka has won her first match since giving birth to her son in December.
Leeds Rhinos say the cost of cleaning up their flood-hit training ground will be in the region of £1m.
Six teenagers have died of carbon monoxide poisoning after a party in a remote part of northern Germany, police say.
The so-called Islamic State (IS) used corruption as a " rallying cry" to recruit people, according to a new report.
Lewis Hamilton says the new Formula 1 season will be "exciting" because of the close racing between Mercedes and Ferrari.
Scientists say they have found the first direct evidence of a mysterious heat source at the top of Jupiter's atmosphere.
Bradford Bulls have been granted membership by the Rugby Football League following the takeover of the Super League club by Shahid Khan and David Sutcliffe.
Leicestershire Riders are aiming to become the first team to win three British Basketball League titles in the same season.
Kilmarnock moved up to second in the Scottish Premiership with victory over Hearts at Rugby Park.
The UK has some of the worst health records in Europe, according to a new report.
Two people have been shot dead after a car crashed into barriers in the centre of Paris, police say.
UK retail sales rose in November, helped by the US-style Black Friday discounts, official figures show.
A horse that was declared winner of a race was actually a stablemate of the winner, it has emerged.
The chances of the UK leaving the European Union are "very, very low", a former cabinet secretary has said.
At least eight people have been killed in an explosion and fire at a factory in Bangladesh, officials say.
The French president has warned that the "worst can always happen" as he visited the site of the Nazi concentration camp of Natzweiler-Struthof.
A student who tried to buy the Google.com website has been given a reward for spotting an error at the search giant.
The Home Office is considering whether to set up an inquiry into the so-called Battle of Orgreave during the miners' strike.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle's Miles Johnson scored a stoppage-time equaliser to give Motherwell victory in the Scottish Premiership.
This is the story of a man who made his fortune selling duty free goods to travellers across the world, but who now spends his money on charity.
The Conservative MP for Stoke-on-Trent Central has been re-elected after an anonymous letter calling for him to step down was rejected.
Workers in southern India are being urged to take Friday off to watch superstar Rajinikanth's latest film.
Former NBA basketball star Lamar Odom has been taken to hospital after being found unconscious in a Nevada brothel.
It was a strange day at the European Commission on Friday.
Britain's Sir Bradley Wiggins has stood by his claim that he has never taken an illegal injection.
More than 1,000 baby spiderlings have been released into a Suffolk nature reserve as part of a project to create a new population.
Aung San Suu Kyi's National League for Democracy (NLD) has announced its candidates for the presidential election in Myanmar (also known as Burma).
A 15-year-old girl is using her coding skills to teach a computer how to diagnose breast cancer.
Sudan's state TV has stepped up its military propaganda in the run-up to the South Sudanese independence referendum, with a series of videos urging young men to join the army.
More than 1,000 people have objected to plans to build up to 1,200 homes in a village in the Cumbrian Wolds.
The number of workers from the European Union in the UK has risen by more than 200,000 in the past year, official figures show.
Artist John Simpson has won the Turner Prize for the fourth time in his career.
One of Nigeria's most wanted kidnappers is suing the police for $1m (Â£700,000) after he was arrested last month.
Northern Ireland midfielder Callum Paterson says his side are to blame for their 2-0 defeat by Kazakhstan in their final Euro 2016 warm-up game.
The finance minister has not responded to a request from the assembly's finance committee for Nama to appear before it.
Flooding caused by a burst water main has caused disruption to trains at a south London railway station.
Japan's Emperor Akihito has told his family he wants to abdicate, Japanese media report.
A mining company has been told it must make a full planning application if it wants to drill a borehole in County Londonderry.
MPs should be given a bigger role in the Welsh government, according to the Institute of Chartered Accountants in Wales.
The University of Kent has set up a centre in Brussels to help students from across Europe gain a better understanding of the European Union.
Napping for more than 60 minutes a day could increase the risk of type-2 diabetes, according to researchers in Japan.
Great Britain's men's wheelchair hockey team have missed out on a place at the 2018 Winter Paralympics in South Korea.
A post-mortem examination is to be carried out on the remains of a man shot dead by the Army in 1972.
Scottish author Irvine Kelman is among the contenders for this year's Saltire Book of the Year award.
When it comes to derby matches, there are few players who can boast of more goals than the man who scored the winner in the last time they met.
House prices in the East of England have continued to rise at the fastest pace for more than a year, official figures show.
London's hospitals are struggling to cope with a shortage of nurses, the Royal College of Nursing (RCN) has warned.
Karrueche Tristan has confirmed that she is no longer in a relationship with Chris Brown.
Officials in the US state of Texas say a woman who was found dead in a jail cell said she had tried to kill herself in the past.
The United Nations is in the midst of what is being described as its most ambitious recruitment drive in its 70-year history.
N-Dubz have revealed they were not expecting to be nominated for four prizes at this year's Brit Awards.
Six teenagers have been arrested as part of an investigation into the supply of drugs into Gloucestershire from London.
England batsman Stephen Cook has been included in South Africa's squad for the fourth Test in Cape Town on Saturday.
A "significant number" of anti-fascists who took part in a counter-protest were " intent on violence and criminality", police have said.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have arrived in the Himalayan kingdom of Bhutan for a two-day state visit.
The area covered by glaciers in the French Alps has fallen by more than a third in the last 40 years, according to new research.
The Equality and Human Rights Commission is investigating claims made by a millionaire buy-to-let landlord that he banned people from renting his properties because of their colour.
At least six people have been killed after a train carrying oil tanks derailed and exploded in Bulgaria's north-eastern Shumen province, officials say.
A man has pleaded guilty to the manslaughter of a grandmother who fell to her death from a motorway bridge while carrying her handbag.
Lewis Hamilton said it was "amazing" to have clinched his fourth Formula 1 world title with a thrilling victory in the United States.
A motorcyclist who killed a nine-year-old boy on holiday in Greece has been given a suspended prison sentence.
A life-size replica of the original Thunderbirds cockpit is to be auctioned in memory of the show's creator Ken Anderson.
Pupils in England are to get a major shake-up of their GCSEs, the government has announced.
The Nigeria Football Federation (NFF) has terminated Stephen Keshi's contract as the Super Eagles head coach.
The government is considering curbs on the rights of migrants arriving in the UK, Downing Street has said.
A former vicar has been jailed for 12 years for a string of child sex offences including encouraging a girl to have sex with her pet dog.
The number of patients being seen within four hours in accident and emergency units in England has improved for the first time in more than a year.
An investigation has been launched into the removal of three children from the care of a UKIP couple in Rotherham.
A fan in Aberdeen has placed a £100,000 bet on Andy Murray to win the Wimbledon men's singles title.
Police have released CCTV images of a man they want to trace in connection with a serious assault in Rutherglen, East Lothian.
The former governor of the northern Mexican state of Tamaulipas, Carlos Yarrington, has been arrested in the US, Mexican officials say.
Chesterfield and Colchester played out a goalless draw at the Proact Stadium despite a second-half strike from Paul Bonne for the visitors.
London Bridge is to be closed to all traffic for six months for "essential maintenance works".
Sir Tom Jones is to return as a judge on Britain's Got Talent, ITV has announced.
Five Go Mad, the best-selling children's books set in the 1950s and '60s, are to get a series of adult spin-offs.
A teenage boy has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was stabbed five times in a street attack.
An Essex town could be left with "stereotypes" if a reality TV show ends, a tourism boss has warned.
A second woman has been arrested in connection with the disappearance of a baby in south-east London in 2001.
Microsoft has agreed to sell 650 of its patents to Facebook in a deal worth more than $2bn (Â£1.6bn).
British and Irish Lions scrum-half Tommy Bowe made his return from injury in Ulster A's Pro12 win over Munster on Thursday.
US President Donald Trump has said he does not have any recordings of conversations he had with former FBI director James Comey.
The Welsh Conservatives have a "clear agenda" for Wales, the party's leader in Wales has said.
Hearts boss Craig Levein has backed head coach Ian Cathro despite the club's disappointing season.
Residents in south Wales have been asked to help fight grass fires after more than 600 were started in the space of a month.
Barack Obama's hometown of Chicago has been shortlisted by the US National Archives and Records Administration to host his presidential library.
Toyota has raised its profit forecast for the current financial year and said it is in talks with Suzuki over a possible tie-up.
A woman who changed her middle name to "Star Wars" has had her passport cancelled by the Passport Office.
A man and woman have appeared in court charged with terror offences.
Ciara Mageean and David Kirk-Smith won their respective 3,000m steeplechase titles at the Irish Cross Country Championships in Londonderry on Saturday.
Dundee United and Rangers will meet in the Scottish League Cup quarter-finals on 16 and 17 April.
The story of a baby who was denied entry to a hospital in Pakistan's port city of Karachi because of the security protocol surrounding the visit of the country's former prime minister, Benazir Bhutto, is a story of tragedy and injustice.
The families of five men who died after being crushed by a piece of steel at a recycling plant have called for an investigation into the incident to be completed.
Celtic moved into the Scottish League One play-off places with a comfortable victory over Queen of the South.
Coventry City Council has said it has taken in more than 100 Syrian refugees in the past six months.
A Nigerian man has been sentenced to life in prison in the US for trying to blow up an airliner on Christmas Day 2009.
The Tui Group has said it is "deeply shocked" by the attack on a Tunisian beach resort that killed dozens of people.
Police have said there is "no danger to the public" after a World War Two bomblet was found on a beach in Aberdeenshire.
The US Supreme Court is due to rule on whether non-profit groups can object to a requirement that they provide contraception.
A solar-powered plane attempting to circumnavigate the globe has been forced to make an emergency landing.
Celtic's Moussa Dembele has become the club's youngest-ever player after coming on as a substitute on Monday.
Kidderminster Harriers chairman David Brown has backed head coach Colin Gordon to remain in charge of the club.
Radio stations across the US have been forced to change passwords after a "sexually offensive" podcast was broadcast on their streaming boxes.
Manchester City missed out on a top-four finish in the Premier League as they were held to a draw by Swansea.
American Bubba Watson holds a one-shot lead after the first round of the Shenzhen International, which was suspended because of darkness.
Tom Doughty's injury-time winner gave Swindon Town a dramatic win over Millwall and ended Graham Williams' first game in charge of the club.
Prime Minister Theresa May should "consider how much of this goes back to her door", Labour's shadow home secretary has said.
Former Taoiseach (Irish prime minister) Albert Reynolds has died at the age of 83.
Hundreds of people have gathered in Coventry to mark the 70th anniversary of the World War Two bombing of the city.
Tributes have been paid to British singer-songwriter Peter Sarstedt, who wrote Where Do You Go To (My Lovely), who has died at the age of 74.
Former Children's Laureate Laureate Helen Blackman is to star in a BBC One drama based on her best-selling novel Noughts and Crosses.
Six men have been charged with a string of sex offences against women.
Manchester City captain Vincent Kompany has been ruled out for up to six weeks with a thigh injury.
BP has withdrawn its non-essential staff from Libya in a "phased reduction" of numbers.
It was supposed to be a chance for the education secretary to make her case to head teachers, who are often the hardest to please in government.
A fire broke out in a ward at Altnagelvin Hospital in Londonderry on Thursday morning.
A 17-year-old boy has been charged with the murder of ex-ITV bodyguard David Hayden in east London.
The mother of a teenager who died after being hit by a train has launched a programme to help other victims of bullying.
One of the stars of US sitcom Two and a Half Men has said he is quitting the show because of its "filth".
The UK is to become the first country in the world to import hydro-power from Norway.
A man who drove to Manchester in the wake of the attack on the Ariana Grande concert said it had been "heartening" to see people come together.
A lion that escaped from a South African national park last year and went on a sheep-killing spree is again on the run.
The Northern Ireland Assembly election has been described as the most tightly contested in decades.
Ipswich Town ended a run of five straight Championship defeats with a comfortable victory over QPR.
The Ebola outbreak in Liberia has now killed more than 2,000 people, according to the World Health Organization.
Police have said 16 petrol bombs have been found in a car park in west Belfast.
The second of the European Union's Sentinel-1b satellites has been launched from French Guiana.
Fishermen's leaders have said they want Scotland to be out of the European Union.
The driver of a private ambulance who died in a collision with a bus in North Yorkshire on Saturday has been named by police.
Barcelona midfielder Ivan Rakitic is set to sign a new five-year contract with the Spanish champions.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle manager Richie Foran says Saturday's game against Ross County will be the "biggest game" of his career.
Two cars have been badly damaged after flash flooding caused a wall to collapse in Fife.
East Dunbartonshire Council has been told it needs to make "urgent savings" or risk losing its status as a local authority.
A man who raped a woman in Warwickshire 30 years ago has been jailed for 12 years.
One of China's most famous scientists has died in Beijing at the age of 106.
League Two side Stevenage have signed former Barnet and York City striker Jordan Hyde.
The Crucible Theatre and Chichester Festival Theatre are among the nominees for this year's Olivier Awards for outstanding contribution to British theatre.
Striker Steven Naismith says he is relishing the prospect of playing for Norwich City again under new manager Daniel Farke.
Gerbils have been used to test whether stem cells can help people with hearing loss.
Work has started on a new £100m shopping and entertainment complex in Oxford.
Tunisians go to the polls on Sunday to elect a new parliament in the country's first general election since the overthrow of President Zine al-Abidine Ben Ali.
Johnny Cash's son, John Carter Cash, has announced the release of an album of previously unheard tracks.
Children in Wales who have had a bad start in life are three times more likely to develop chronic illness later in life, a study has found.
A former kit man for Scottish Premiership football club Celtic has appeared in court charged with child sex offences.
Three Scottish athletes have been named in Great Britain's athletics team for the Rio Olympics.
Port Vale manager Bruno Ribeiro has been sacked by the League One club after less than two months in charge.
Some secondary schools in England are closing their libraries because they cannot cope with the growing use of iPads, a teaching union has said.
Mae Heddlu Llundain wedi cadarnhau bellach fod 74 o bobl yn cael eu trin mewn ysbytai, gydag 20 mwn cyflwr difrifol.
Bournemouth have been fined £20,000 by the Football Association for failing to provide accurate information about players' whereabouts.
The life of a Tudor princess, who was thrown out of Henry VIII's court, has been celebrated at Durham Cathedral for more than 400 years.
The UK government has issued a pardon to World War Two code-breaker Alan Turing.
US President Barack Obama has listened to a Bob Marley album at a museum in Jamaica as he began a three-day visit to the country.
Saturday's League One game between Oldham Athletic and Wycombe Wanderers has been postponed because of a waterlogged pitch.
Scotland's Russell Knox has enlisted the help of former Masters champion Sandy Lyle as he prepares to make his Masters debut at Augusta this week.
Middlesex wicketkeeper-batsman Matt Simpson has signed a new two-year contract with the club.
President Donald Trump's attempt to withhold federal funding from so-called sanctuary cities in California has been blocked by a federal judge.
There will be "few, if any, Christians" coming to the UK from Syrian refugee camps, the Archbishop of Westminster has said.
Police in the western Indian state of Maharashtra say they have found the remains of five female foetuses in a plastic bag.
Wales women ran in seven tries to thrash the Royal Air Force in their final warm-up game before the 2017 World Cup.
A man has been jailed after he was found guilty of making a hoax bomb threat that led to the evacuation of 22 patients at a hospital.
The Smiths have revealed they discussed re-forming the band 10 years ago.
Motherwell have appointed assistant manager Mark McGhee as their new manager on a two-year deal.
The world's food supply is at risk because of the vulnerability of key trade routes, according to a new report.
Rail services between Newcastle and Edinburgh were disrupted for more than 24 hours after a train hit overhead wires in Northumberland.
A blood test could help diagnose and treat ovarian cancer, say scientists.
What is it about England this autumn that has led to so much criticism and so much optimism?
The bodies of a man and a woman have been found in the rubble of a building hit by a gas explosion in New York City on Saturday, officials say.
A new Android-powered smartphone has been unveiled by Nokia in the UK.
The ancient Indian cities of Rishikesh and Haridwar have been chosen by scientists to study the effects of human activity on the environment.
A murder investigation has been launched after a man was stabbed to death in Manchester.
Police are investigating a complaint about a mural at a primary school in Edinburgh which depicts a black man dressed as a rabbit.
British number two Kyle Edmund suffered a shock quarter-final defeat by third seed Stan Wawrinka at the Rogers Cup in Toronto.
St Johnstone striker Scott MacLean has signed a new contract with the Scottish Premiership club.
Dolly the sheep was created by scientists at the Roslin Institute in Edinburgh in 1997, but what is her legacy?
A man who was caught by a vigilante group after meeting an 11-year-old girl online has been jailed for four years and four months.
Kurdish fighters fighting so-called Islamic State (IS) in the Syrian town of Kobane say they have repelled a series of attacks by the militants.
The cost of a new footbridge in West Sussex has been reduced by £1m after a review by Chancellor George Osborne.
A 97-year-old World War Two veteran is celebrating his centenary by telling of his time at the Auschwitz death camp.
The remains of a human skull have been found in a garden in County Fermanagh.
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola will face his old club Manchester United in his first match in charge of the Premier League club.
Glasgow-based Aggreko has said it will cut £25m from its annual costs as it reported a sharp fall in profits.
A man has been jailed for seven years for causing the death of a cyclist by careless driving in Fife.
The Public Prosecution Service (PPS) has decided not to prosecute a man suspected of involvement in the Kingsmills atrocity.
A mystery man who posed as a clown near schools in County Antrim has apologised for any distress caused by his actions.
At the memorial service for the Russian ambassador to Turkey, a small group of mourners gathered in the grounds of the Russian embassy in Ankara.
The National Trust (NT) has announced plans to restore the Grade I-listed Onslow House after it was badly damaged by fire in 2008.
It has been more than a year since the people of Wales voted to leave the European Union.
Mae Cymdeithas Gwarchod Adar yr Ardd eisiau eich help chi awr i sbario y penwythnos yn y gaeaf.
Preston North End moved into the Championship play-off places with victory over Norwich City thanks to a second-half strike from Paul Baptiste.
A fly-tipper is being sought by police after two cows died in Conwy county.
Two of the schools at the centre of the so-called Trojan Horse scandal are to lose their Ofsted funding.
Aberdeen have signed Liverpool right-back Ryan McLaughlin on loan until the end of the season.
A GP who punched a patient in the head after being called to a 999 call has been suspended from practising.
A 15-year-old boy has died after being stabbed in the chest in Leeds.
Spencer Matthews has thanked his fans for their support after he won The Jump.
Lethal Weapon is to be turned into a TV series, according to reports.
James Faulkner became the sixth Australian to take a one-day hat-trick as Sri Lanka beat Australia in the second match of the series.
The UK government has banned five Syrian Islamist groups, including the so-called Islamic State (IS), from entering the country.
Estonia is a small country in the south-east of the Baltic Sea, with a population of about 2.5 million.
Residents of Dumfries and Galloway are being asked to help plan the future of the town's schools.
Russell Slade will step down as Cardiff City manager at the end of the season, the Championship club have confirmed.
A former South Yorkshire Police helicopter pilot has been found guilty of misconduct in a public office after secretly filming people in public places.
An inquiry into the sale of Nama's Northern Ireland loan portfolio has received a letter from the chairman of the Law Society, the assembly's Public Accounts Committee has heard.
Spanish skateboarder Ignacio Echeverría, who was killed in the London terror attack on Saturday, has been awarded the country's highest honour.
England's Darren Clarke is out of the Open Championship after a disastrous second round of 75 at Royal Birkdale.
Former News of the World presenter Zoe Jones has given birth to a baby boy.
Plans to build a glass gondola under the Humber Bridge in Hull have been unveiled.
Have you got what you need to know about the news in Wales?
Bromley moved into the National League play-off places with a 1-0 win over Torquay.
Labour has pledged to make it easier for grandparents to help with children while the parents are working.
Australian rower Sarah Tait, who won a silver medal at London 2012, has died at the age of 35.
Shakespeare's Richard III is to be performed in Leicester Cathedral next month, despite opposition from a group which says the play is "too harsh" on the king.
The new head of the Public Complaints Commission for Wales has been appointed.
An aerospace firm that opened its doors in Belfast last year has gone out of business.
New Zealand ran in nine tries as they thrashed France to reach the World Cup final for the fourth time.
A Peruvian satellite has begun taking pictures of the country's vast copper and uranium mines.
The Turkish prime minister has said his country's military action against the so-called Islamic State (IS) group in Syria and Iraq could lead to "consequences" for the region.
The landlord of London's Olympic Stadium has been ordered to reveal the terms of its lease with West Ham.
Jockey Michelle Payne, who became the first female jockey to win the Melbourne Cup in 2015, has been suspended after testing positive for a banned substance.
West Ham manager Slaven Bilic says he is "angry and frustrated" after his side were knocked out of the Europa League.
Sri Lanka's Prime Minister Ranil Wickremesinghe has said the country's mangrove forests are "vital" to the nation's environment.
Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes said his side "ran out of legs" as they lost the Scottish Cup final to Celtic.
More than 700 employers in London have signed up to the city's voluntary living wage, the mayor's office has said.
Pamela Geller is a US-based conservative activist who has been at the centre of a debate over the depiction of the Prophet Muhammad.
Ex-McLaren driver Jost Wurz has been approached to take over the Manor F1 team, reports BBC Sport.
The gap between rich and poor in Latin America is the largest in the world, according to a new United Nations study.
South Korea's Byeong An carded a six-under-par 65 to win the PGA Championship at Baltusrol for the first time.
Aberdeen's hopes of reaching the Europa League second qualifying round suffered a major blow as they were beaten by Fola Esch.
Conor McGregor has said he will return to the Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC) after being dropped from the card at UFC 200.
Vincenzo Nibali won stage 16 of the Giro d'Italia after Tom Dumoulin was forced to abandon the race because of illness.
An art gallery in Cheltenham is hoping to restore a door painted with the portrait of its former owner.
Boris Johnson, the Foreign Secretary, is under investigation by the Foreign Office over his handling of the Syria crisis.
US President Barack Obama has named his nominee to be the next director of the FBI.
A group of Victorian beach huts in Nottinghamshire are to be restored with a £100,000 grant from the Heritage Lottery Fund.
The Russian military says it cannot retrieve data from the "black box" of a jet shot down by Turkish forces in November.
Ian Lougher set the pace in the second practice session at the Isle of Man TT on Wednesday.
The president of the Australian Human Rights Commission (HRC) has said she rejected an offer to resign after the publication of a report criticising the government's asylum seeker policy.
A Swansea hospital is to set up a registry for people with twin-to-twin transfusion syndrome.
Olympic gold medallist Lizzie King says she could represent Wales in the women's team pursuit at the 2018 Commonwealth Games in Glasgow.
When Qandeel Baloch posted naked photos of herself on social media, she sparked a debate in Pakistan about women's rights.
The Polish Institute of National Remembrance (INR) has published a list of all the SS guards who worked at the Nazi death camp at Auschwitz-Birkenau.
Olympic taekwondo silver medallist and world number one mixed martial arts fighter Tarek El-Khalili was inspired to take up the sport at the age of 13.
Leicester City manager Claudio Ranieri has called on his players to "fight until the end" after they were beaten by 10-man Millwall.
An 85-year-old woman has died after the car she was travelling in crashed into a tree in Sheffield.
Hundreds of people have joined a search for a missing woman who was last seen leaving her friend's house after a night out at a club.
Health Minister Simon Hamilton has announced an extra £1.5m to improve autism services in Northern Ireland.
A World War Two torpedo has been found during dredging work in Portsmouth Harbour.
Talks between Labour and Plaid Cymru to form a Welsh Government will resume on Monday, the two parties have said.
Russia's Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev has told the Munich Security Conference that his country is the "worst threat" to Nato.
A new species of pink shrimp has been named after the band Pink Floyd.
Scientists in the US have developed a glue that is as sticky as a slug's mucus - and can even seal a pig's heart.
A private company that runs NHS 111 services in parts of Norfolk and Cambridgeshire is "not clinically assured" of its safety, a report has found.
Two British backpackers who were among those rescued after a boat sank in Indonesia swam for eight hours to shore before being rescued, their mother has said.
The owners of a former Denbighshire hospital have put the site up for sale on Rightmove.
When McLaren-Honda boss Ron Dennis was asked about his team's poor performance at the Azerbaijan Grand Prix, he said: "It's not good enough for me to be here."
Police are hunting a thief who stole money from the purses of cadets at an Aberdeen military base.
The Mormon Tabernacle Choir and the Radio City Rockettes will perform at Donald Trump's inauguration as US president.
A report into a boat crash in London in which nine people were injured has found the vessel's helmsman may have made a "mistake".
Police investigating the murder of a woman in County Down have issued a fresh appeal for information.
A Pembrokeshire man has pleaded guilty to sexual assault after he stabbed himself in the neck in court.
Film-makers Terrence Malick, Gerald Ford and Wim Wenders have been included in the official line-up for this year's Venice Film Festival.
Uganda's main opposition leader Kizza Besigye has accused President Yoweri Museveni of "baring his bloodied fangs and claws" in Sunday's election.
Tributes have been paid to a Cardiff woman who died in a car crash in March.
Scotland suffered their second defeat of the World Cup as South Africa ran in three tries in a crushing victory at Murrayfield.
The Spanish government has confirmed that the country's banks will receive a total of 60bn euros (£50bn; $66bn) in bailout funds.
Johanna Konta, the British number one tennis player, says she was born in Hungary and has dual Hungarian-British citizenship.
Oscar-winning actress Liza Minnelli has cancelled two concerts in the UK, it has been announced.
A man has been questioned by police investigating the death of notorious criminal Gary Palmer, who was shot dead in Essex.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman was found seriously injured at a flat in north-east London.
In the wake of the Finsbury Park attack, there has been an outpouring of criticism of the newspapers' coverage of the attack.
A boy who went to the Hillsborough disaster with his brother has told the inquests he did not see them when the first crush happened.
A look back at some of the top entertainment stories over the past 24 hours.
Former Leyton Orient midfielder Jamie Cox says he is "in a predicament" after being banned from playing in the English Football League for four months.
Chelsea defender David Luiz is set to join French champions Paris St-Germain on a season-long loan.
The founder of Kids Company has accused the government of giving the charity money to "do the job it couldn't do".
The family of a man whose body was found in Monaco have said they were "kept in the dark" about his death.
Nico Rosberg says his Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton has the momentum going into this weekend's Hungarian Grand Prix.
The FBI has arrested the father of an Alabama boy who went missing in 2002 and has now been found.
There should be no reduction in the amount of publicly owned forest in Wales, the environment minister has said.
Investment in TV drama has fallen by more than a third in the past five years, according to Ofcom's latest review.
Scottish Attorney General Michael Matheson has said it is "not helpful" for people to give "running commentary" on the investigation into the death of Sohrab Bayoh.
The flame of the Olympic flame will be carried through the East Midlands as part of the London 2012 celebrations.
Wikileaks has said it will publish further details of the CIA's hacking tools, but only if they can be "disarmed".
At first glance, Ulsan does not seem like the kind of place you would want to visit.
A woman who died in a house fire in Denbighshire had been allowed to stay the night before, an inquest has heard.
Ian Drake is British Cycling's chief executive officer, and here he gives his top tips on how you can get involved in the sport.
The world's leading scientists want to know more about the drugs we use and how they affect our health.
More than 5,000 Army personnel could lose their jobs in the next round of cuts, the BBC has learned.
A project which aims to highlight the achievements of people with learning disabilities has been taking place in Cardiff.
Portugal's hopes of reaching the last 16 of the World Cup suffered a blow as they were held to a draw by the USA in Salvador.
British Rowing has said it is "looking into the concerns and issues raised" by an ex-coach who described him as a "massive bully".
Scientists in the US say they have developed stem cells that can kill brain tumours.
A man has been found guilty of causing grievous bodily harm with intent after two children were hit by his car in Leeds.
A British man has set a new world record for the most times he has bounced on a pogo stick.
Plans for a new railway station in Reading have been given the go-ahead by the council.
Police are appealing for help to trace a car that has been missing from a Hertfordshire garage for almost two decades.
England Under-20 international Jess Mead says she is open to a move to the top flight of women's football.
Argentina's President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner has called for an investigation into the murder of a transgender woman.
Worcester Warriors hooker Tom Bower has signed a new contract with the Premiership club.
Three cats have been put down after being poisoned in Carmarthenshire, the RSPCA has said.
England's Benik Afobe is set to play for the Democratic Republic of Congo in this summer's Africa Cup of Nations in Gabon.
Channel 4 is to switch off its youth channel E4 on polling day in a bid to boost young voters.
The director of a new film about the miners' strike in the 1980s has spoken of how the film was "in the making" for years.
At least 17 people have been killed and more than 50 injured in a suicide bomb attack on a football match in southern Iraq, officials say.
Saudi Arabia has announced plans to build a new tourist zone in the Red Sea city of Jeddah.
Dozens of cars have been destroyed in a fire at a Citroën dealership.
Fleetwood missed the chance to move into the League One play-off places as they were held to a goalless draw by Tranmere Rovers.
A United Nations committee has called on the Northern Ireland Executive to "actively promote" an integrated education system.
A woman has been charged with causing the death of a 19-year-old who was hit by a car in a shopping centre.
A Beatles album sleeve designed by Sir Peter Blake has been named as one of the top 10 most valuable album sleeves of all time.
Juan Martin del Potro beat Stan Wawrinka in four sets to reach his first Grand Slam quarter-final at the Australian Open.
A powerful earthquake has struck in central Italy, with tremors felt across the country.
The Northern Ireland Hotels Federation has urged the government to set out a strategy for growth in the sector.
The mother and stepfather of a three-year-old boy who died after falling into a water park have been charged with his manslaughter.
It’s not often we get an insight into how Disney plans to use technology to bring their brand of storytelling to new forms.
Scotland internationals Tommy Seymour and Tim Swinson have signed new three-year contracts with Glasgow Warriors.
Manchester City striker Sergio Aguero has joined Spanish side Sevilla on a season-long loan deal.
A number of paintings by Adolf Hitler have been sold at auction in Germany for more than £100,000 (130,000 euros).
A coalition of West Ham supporters has lost its bid for a public inquiry into the £272m redevelopment of the Olympic Stadium.
Northern Ireland's finance minister has said she cannot move the budget bill required to allow Stormont officials to carry on spending money after the end of July.
Scotland head coach Vern Cotter says his side's World Cup preparations have gone "up a level" after their final warm-up match.
A man has captured the moment a bottlenose dolphin attacked a harbour porpoise in Aberdeen.
Gambian President Yahya Jammeh has promised to "wipe out" 82% of the workforce if he is re-elected next week.
An investigation has been launched into the cause of a fire at a Grade II-listed hall in Manchester.
A wind turbine has collapsed in County Londonderry, killing at least one person.
A cyber-attack that left more than 100,000 people in Ukraine's capital, Kiev, without electricity last month may have been linked to a similar attack in 2015, a security company says.
Two-time Olympic champion Jessica Ennis-Hill has been made a dame at the Queen's Birthday Honours list.
The parent company of the Fox News Channel, 21st Century Fox, has appointed Jack Abernethy and Bill Shine as its new top executives, following the departure of Roger Ailes.
India's Supreme Court has rejected an appeal by one of the two Italian marines accused of killing two Indian fishermen in 2012.
Tributes to Muhammad Ali have been pouring in on social media following his death at the age of 74.
The Metropolitan Police's Department of Professional Standards, which deals with complaints against officers and staff, has been accused of being involved in the supply of drugs by an anonymous woman.
The mayor of London has written to the prime minister to urge her to back a second runway at Gatwick Airport.
Former States Minister David Parkinson has been re-elected to the St Peter Port North seat in a by-election.
The European Union has welcomed Canada's decision to resume importing beef from the EU, after a ban over the BSE disease was lifted.
Plans to close Brecon Barracks in Powys have been described as "abhorrent" by an MP.
Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan has said he does not care what the international community says about his decision to ban Twitter.
The Duke of Kent has been discharged from hospital after being treated for a back injury.
A scheme to help women from black and ethnic minority groups get into work in English has been funded by the Scottish government.
The authorities in the north-eastern Brazilian state of Amazonas are continuing to search for more than 200 inmates who escaped from a jail on Saturday.
Former Ospreys and British and Irish Lions star Martyn Williams has left the Welsh region to play in Japan.
Shares in mining companies fell sharply on Friday, with the FTSE 100 index of leading shares down by more than 1%.
A UK ticket-holder has claimed a £20m Euromillions jackpot, the second largest in the UK this year.
Police in China have arrested a fifth man in connection with Thursday's attack on a market in the western city of Urumqi that killed at least 39 people, state media say.
The death of a three-year-old boy in Aberdeenshire is the main story on the front pages of Scotland's newspapers.
Maxine Peake, George Lucas and Elaine Paige are among the stars who will star in Russell T Davies' BBC One adaptation of Shakespeare's The Dream.
An eight-year-old girl has written to the editor of a national radio programme to ask how she would replace Big Ben's chimes.
Police searching for a missing man have found a body in a wooded area.
There was "no possibility of achieving an alternative outcome" for an inmate who died after being left unattended in his cell, the Prisoner Ombudsman has said.
Human remains have been found during an archaeological dig at a former railway line site in Peterborough.
Canada's new Liberal government has dropped an appeal against a ruling that a Muslim woman who wore a full-face veil when she became a Canadian citizen could keep her citizenship.
The number of tourists visiting an island off the coast of Japan has more than doubled in the past year, local media report.
Bend it like Beckham star Keira Knightley has married her British bandmate James Righton in France.
The leader of the Labour Party is to announce plans to double the amount of money paid to care for elderly relatives.
Pop star Justin Bieber has been arrested on suspicion of hit-and-run after a pedestrian was hit by his car in California.
European newspapers are warning of the dangers of "populism" in the wake of Britain's vote to leave the EU.
Edinburgh moved into the Pro12 play-off places with a hard-fought victory over Newport Gwent Dragons.
A French court has found a woman guilty of murdering her two children and burying them in the back garden.
Sale Sharks' hopes of reaching the European Champions Cup quarter-finals suffered a major blow as they were thrashed by Clermont Auvergne.
The Scottish government remains "absolutely committed" to the Named Person scheme, the education secretary has said.
The family of a man who has been missing for more than a week have made a fresh appeal for help to find him.
The creator of the messaging app Yo has said he is "taking this very seriously" after a security flaw was discovered in the app.
In a week when Scotland's First Minister unveiled plans for a second referendum on independence, the strength of nationalist sentiment has usually been gauged by polls, but for some traditional music fans, it's been a different story.
Businesses in Snowdonia have raised more than Â£3,000 for a project to encourage people to give to the local economy.
Former US President Barack Obama's national security adviser has denied she sought to spy on Donald Trump during the election campaign.
Former MP Eric Joyce has been found guilty of assaulting two teenage boys in a supermarket.
Chris Gayle and Kieron Pollard hit half-centuries as West Indies thrashed Australia in their opening match of the World Twenty20 in Sri Lanka.
England manager Gareth Southgate says he is "hopeful" Wilfried Zaha will be allowed to switch allegiance to the Ivory Coast.
Scottish Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has said he does not "jeer" at his Scottish counterpart Kezia Dugdale after she was heckled during a leadership debate.
James McManus scored twice as Morton eased to victory over Alloa Athletic in Scottish League One.
Farmers in the UK have been talking about how they'll be affected by changes to the way milk is produced in the EU.
Labour's Sadiq Khan has been elected mayor of London, the party has said, despite a poor night for the party in England and Wales.
Southport chairman David Clapham has resigned following the club's relegation from the National League.
A riot at a Maruti Suzuki factory in the northern Indian state of Haryana has left at least one person dead and dozens injured.
Wales scrum-half Rhys Owens has dismissed the idea of relegation from the Six Nations as "too soon".
A man has been left "very badly shaken" after his car was stolen during a robbery in County Antrim.
The Duchess of Cambridge has led an orchestra in a performance of Beethoven's fifth symphony on the last day of their tour of Germany.
Sierra Leone has imposed a three-day curfew on the capital, Freetown, as part of efforts to combat the Ebola outbreak.
Germany's Thomas Walz won Olympic gold in the men's kayak single sculls with a stunning victory in Rio.
SSE's plans to upgrade the main electricity line between Inverness and Aberdeen have been rejected by National Grid.
A Labour MP has stepped down as a backbencher after sharing a graphic on Facebook that appeared to condone the relocation of Israel.
A Polish man has been jailed for 12 years for plotting to bomb the country's parliament in Warsaw in 2011.
The International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) says it has seen evidence that North Korea is restarting a nuclear reprocessing plant.
An Australian woman has named her koala "Bear Grylls" after it was hit by her car.
Leeds United have signed Swedish striker Jonas Antononsson from Swedish side Kalmar on a three-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Walsall have signed defender Conor Leahy from Falkirk for an undisclosed fee on a three-year deal.
Sierra Leone has become the first country in the world to be declared free of Ebola, the World Health Organization says.
Germany's domestic intelligence agency, the BfV, says it has arrested a man accused of leaking information about the agency to Islamist websites.
Voters in Hong Kong went to the polls on Sunday in the first elections since last year's pro-democracy protests.
Manchester United goalkeeper David De Gea has been named the Premier League's player of the week for the second time in three days.
French comedian Dieudonne has been arrested on suspicion of inciting hatred following last week's attacks in Paris.
The Home Office has apologised for spelling "language" in a press release about a new requirement for Muslim women in the UK to speak English.
A five-year-old girl has died after being hit by a stone thrown by an elephant at a zoo in Rabat, Morocco.
A man in his 20s has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after an incident at a McDonald's in Londonderry.
New Brexit laws will need to be introduced before the UK leaves the European Union, the Institute for Fiscal Studies (IFG) has warned.
Manchester City's Yaya Toure says Raheem Sterling would have "dived" if he had been involved in the incident that led to Tottenham's equaliser in Sunday's draw.
Labour's performance at the general election was "at least as bad" as under Michael Foot in the 1990s, ex-Welsh Secretary Robert Howells has said.
Sale Sharks winger Denny Solomona is "good enough" to play for England, according to the club's director of rugby Tony Monye.
Police Scotland has been accused of "failing communities" in a report into the handling of a fatal crash in Inverness.
Tributes have been paid to Liverpool hairdresser John Howe, who has died at the age of 74.
A volcano in Costa Rica has erupted for the first time in six years, spewing huge plumes of ash and gas into the air.
Exeter City captain Paul Butterfield says his playing days at the League Two club are "slowly coming to an end".
A Chinese restaurant in China has become the first in the world to allow dogs to eat at the table.
More than £20m is to be invested in general practice in Scotland over the next year.
A crime novel by Hilary Mantel has won an award for its " finely written and tightly written" crime.
The parents of a baby girl who was taken into care after she suffered a bleed on the brain say they were treated "like monsters" by a hospital.
A court in Jerusalem has ordered an Australian woman accused of child sex abuse to undergo psychiatric treatment in a bid to extradite her to Australia.
A man has been airlifted to hospital with a serious leg injury after falling in the Annalong Valley in County Antrim.
The price of school uniforms in the UK has fallen to their lowest level in more than a decade, according to a retail expert.
The National Audit Office (NAO) has had to rely on the testimony of four of the biggest private sector contractors in the UK.
Sergio Garcia and Henrik Stenson share the lead after two rounds of the BMW PGA Championship in Munich.
The US space agency's Cassini spacecraft has completed its final close flyby of Saturn.
US Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton has failed to offer any new policy ideas in her first major speech as a candidate.
Mattel, the maker of the Barbie doll, is in talks to buy rival Hasbro in a deal that would create the world's biggest toy-maker.
A new group has been set up to tackle the spread of tuberculosis (TB) in Cheshire.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at how octopus hunting is changing the face of Zanzibar's coastal communities.
It was a night that would change the lives of two young women in Jakarta, Indonesia, and would lead to one of the most notorious murders in the history of the city.
Plans to frack for shale gas in North Yorkshire have been given the go-ahead by North Yorkshire County Council.
Venezuela's army says it has arrested two men over an attack on a military barracks last month in which armed men said they were fighting against the government.
Plans for a new marketing body for Northern Ireland's agri-food industry have been announced.
Featherstone secured their place in the Challenge Cup quarter-finals with a hard-fought win over Halifax at Featherstone.
An inquest into the deaths of five Protestant workers in the 1970s has been adjourned because there is no coroner to oversee it.
Children's services in Birmingham have been rated as "good" by the Care Quality Commission (CQC).
Members of the House of Lords have written to Prime Minister David Cameron asking him to rethink the government's immigration policy.
IAAF president Lord Coe is the right man to lead the organisation in the wake of a damning report into corruption, says the man who wrote it.
A 16-year-old girl who was held in police custody because of a shortage of mental health beds has been moved to a hospital.
Thai authorities have cancelled the launch of a Human Rights Watch (HRW) report in Bangkok, the rights group has said.
The remains of a 17th Century stately home have been uncovered after it was destroyed by fire in a fire at the end of November.
Scientists have released new images of an asteroid called 2004 BL86 that has passed by the Earth.
A New York man accused of throwing a banana peel at comedian Dave Chappelle has pleaded not guilty to two counts of disorderly conduct.
Jockey George Best is expected to make a full recovery from the head injury he suffered in last month's Grand National at Aintree.
As the new members of the House of Commons are sworn in for the general election, BBC Wales takes a look at some of the more unusual faces.
The Art of the Deal, a guidebook on how to negotiate some of the best deals.
A man who was seriously injured when he was hit by a lorry on a dual carriageway has died.
Two window cleaners have been rescued from the roof of a New York skyscraper after a cable on a cradle broke and fell on to them.
A Texas police officer has been fired over the fatal shooting of a teenager who was in the car behind him.
Singer Kylie Minogue has been awarded an honorary doctorate by a university.
Matt Berry scored twice as Cambridge eased to victory over Cheltenham at the Kassam Stadium.
The former RTÉ broadcaster Máirtín Ó Murchú has died in Dublin.
Northern Ireland's agriculture minister has said she hopes to open up new markets for Northern Ireland pork to China.
A missing motor from a World War Two cipher machine has been recreated using 3D printing technology.
Manchester City manager Roberto Mancini says it is "possible" Carlos Tevez could return to the Premier League.
Turkish police have detained the editor of the Cumhuriyet newspaper and eight other staff in the latest crackdown on dissent since last month's failed coup.
England's Matthew Fitzpatrick carded a six-under-par 65 to share the lead with Kiradech Aphibarnrat after the second round of the Dubai Desert Classic.
Three generations of a family have been threatened, tied up and robbed at gunpoint at their home in west Belfast.
New Zealand's prime minister has said the death toll from Tuesday's 7.0-magnitude earthquake in the city of Christchurch has risen to 44.
Scientists say they have found a new way to make silicon - the material used in quantum computers.
Southampton midfielder James Stephens says it is "not time to panic" as the club look to bounce back from a poor start to the season.
A cat who has been stealing items from a house for the last two years has started bringing home food, his owner has said.
Salford fought back from two tries down to beat Super League leaders Castleford and end their unbeaten start to the season.
Planning permission has been granted for a £50m expansion of Dyson's headquarters in Oxfordshire.
Cape Verde beat 10-man Portugal 2-0 in a friendly at the Estadio da Luz despite the absence of Cristiano Ronaldo.
There may be more to the Investigatory Powers Bill than meets the eye, but for now it's looking like it's going to be a pretty smooth ride.
On the border between Mexico and the United States, a series of concrete barriers, topped with razor wire and armed with crossbow bolts, stand guard against intruders from both sides.
Glasgow Warriors moved to within a point of Pro12 leaders Leinster with a hard-fought win at the RDS.
Tibet has been at the centre of a series of natural disasters in recent years, according to officials.
Internet service providers need to be "up their game" and make their broadband prices more transparent, a charity has said.
Birmingham City secured their first Women's Super League One win of the season with a narrow victory over leaders Chelsea.
Scientists say they have made a breakthrough in the development of a new treatment for pig infections.
World number one Andy Murray beat Stan Wawrinka in straight sets to reach the semi-finals of the ATP World Tour Finals in London.
Andy Murray and Novak Djokovic will meet for the third time in four years in Sunday's French Open final in Paris.
Plymouth Argyle striker Jamie Goodwillie says he has given up on a return to Scotland.
A schoolgirl in the US has become the youngest chess master in the world.
American swimmer Katie Ledecky won her second gold medal of the Rio Olympics with victory in the women's 4x100m freestyle relay.
A man has been charged with the murder of a Bulgarian mother-of-three who has been missing since August.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has visited Aberdeen as part of a tour of Scotland ahead of the party's leadership contest.
Sudan have lost their appeal against a decision to disqualify five of their players from the Africa Cup of Nations qualifier against DR Congo.
Mansfield's winless run in League Two was extended to seven games as Barnet's Adebayo Akinde scored the only goal at the Proact Stadium.
The co-creator of the hit US TV show The Simpsons has said the town of Springfield is not actually in the US, but in Oregon.
Belfast International Airport's managing director has written to Enda Kenny urging him to improve Tourism Ireland's work in Northern Ireland.
A man who raped two women while on probation has been jailed for life.
Three new mayors have been elected in Spain, marking a significant shift in the country's political landscape.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman was found with serious head injuries in a Leeds street.
India's economy grew at an annual rate of 7.8% in the three months to December, the government has said.
The actions of West Midlands Police staff in the run-up to the death of a mother-of-three were "shocking", an inquiry has found.
A shortage of prison officers and a "lack of experience and confidence" is a "concern" at a high-security prison, a report says.
Nigeria's President Goodluck Jonathan has accused a social media campaign for the release of schoolgirls kidnapped by Islamist militants of "psychological terrorism".
A man accused of murdering his landlord has told a court he was "shocked" and "repulsed" by his landlord's suggestion they should have sex.
Manchester City striker Andy Carroll will not be included in England's Euro 2016 squad, manager Roy Hodgson has said.
A Pembrokeshire town's paddling pool is set to reopen after being saved from closure by donations.
The US says it is "gravely concerned" for the safety of Christians, Yazidis and other minority groups in northern Iraq, after the capture of the town of Qaraqosh.
The partner of a man believed to be trapped under the rubble of Didcot A Power Station has said there is still a "chance" he is alive.
The Hippodrome in Dorset is set to become the UK's first permanent theatre dedicated to deep-sea whaling.
Bob the Builder is getting a new voice for a new series of children's TV show Bob the Builder.
The number of nurses looking after people at home instead of in hospital has fallen by more than half in six years, according to Welsh Government figures.
Hundreds of people have gathered in memory of a man shot dead by police on a motorway in West Yorkshire.
National League side Solihull Moors have signed former Barnsley and Grimsby Town player Jordan Edwards on a two-year deal.
Hundreds of mourners have attended the funerals of Christians killed in bomb attacks in the Pakistani city of Lahore.
Nottinghamshire were bowled out for 204 on day one of the County Championship final at Headingley as Yorkshire all-rounder James Onions took five wickets.
The top 2km of the Earth's surface is filled with water, according to a new study.
Claims the culture secretary threatened a newspaper over its coverage of the Leveson Inquiry have been denied by No 10.
Romelu Lukaku scored twice as Everton came from behind to beat West Brom at Goodison Park.
Cardiff City Cricket Board chief executive Hugh Morris says it is "proud" to have hosted three full houses for England matches over 19 days.
Former world number one Michael Fordham says he wants to return to Lakeside for the first time in more than a decade.
India's central bank has kept interest rates on hold for the second time this year.
James McClean, Darren Randolph and Jim Doyle have been called up to the Republic of Ireland squad for the friendly against Mexico on 3 June.
Militants from the so-called Islamic State (IS) group have said they attacked an Egyptian coastguard vessel in the north of the Sinai peninsula.
One of the UK's richest men, Sir Philip Green, has been appointed by the government to carry out a review of public spending.
England Under-20s beat Mexico 1-0 to set up a semi-final against Italy in the Under-21 World Cup.
Worcestershire have signed New Zealand all-rounder Kyle Abbott as their overseas player for the second half of the T20 Blast.
Belfast light-welterweight Michael McComb has become the first Irish fighter to reach the quarter-finals of the European Championships in Ukraine.
For many people, a visit to their local pharmacy is just the start of a trip to the doctor.
At least three children have been taken to hospital after a water slide at a Dorset carnival collapsed.
A 70-year-old woman who tried to kill herself by washing down paracetamol tablets with Veuve Clicquot champagne has been jailed for six years by the High Court in London.
A woman has been appointed as the UK's first dedicated hedgehog officer in Ipswich.
An inquest into the deaths of four British soldiers in Afghanistan has heard their vehicle rolled into a canal after a collision with a police car.
Protests have broken out in several towns in Ethiopia's Oromia region following a stampede that killed more than 100 people at a food distribution event.
Cornwall beat Lancashire to win the Bill Beaumont Cup for the second time in three years.
A man who stabbed a pensioner to death in a "violent, unprovoked attack" in front of members of the public has been jailed for 12 years.
South Africa has dropped its plan to withdraw from the International Criminal Court (ICC), the UN's human rights agency says.
A woman who died after hitting a pothole in Newport died from head injuries, an inquest has heard.
Newcastle United manager Steve McClaren has been sacked by the Premier League club.
HSBC is planning to move up to 1,000 staff out of London if the UK leaves the European single market, the BBC understands.
The Northern Ireland Executive has been reacting to the Court of Appeal's ruling that Northern Ireland's abortion laws are incompatible with international law.
A circus elephant has attacked a man in the German city of Heidelberg after escaping from its enclosure, police say.
Russia's justice ministry has designated one of the country's main opinion pollsters as a foreign agent.
Welsh Conservative leader Andrew RT Davies has said a referendum on the future of the Welsh assembly could not be won today.
In the early hours of Friday morning, the people of Barcelona returned to the centre of the city for the first time since Thursday's attack.
The BBC's Sound Of 2016 list has been named for the second year running.
A man has been arrested in connection with the seizure of a number of rare and endangered species at a house.
Police in Germany have arrested a man they believe was close to the man who carried out last month's Berlin truck attack, Anis Amri.
A vicar has apologised after telling a group of children that "Father Christmas is not real".
A man has died in a fire at a house in Kilmacormick, County Antrim.
Hollywood actress Angelina Jolie has received an honorary award for her film In the Land of Blood and Honey at the Sarajevo Film Festival.
Two police community support officers (PCSOs) have been jailed for using the force's computer system to share false information.
A nine-year-old Celtic fan has apologised to the club for missing his team's home game because he was at a birthday party.
Celtic lost 5-4 on penalties to Rangers in the Old Firm derby at Hampden after a 1-1 draw.
The number of road accidents on the M74 in Glasgow has fallen by more than 50% since the road was built in 1997, according to a new study.
Gunmen in eastern Ukraine have attacked two government buildings in the rebel-held region of Luhansk, killing at least one person.
Benedict Cumberbatch is to play King Stuart in a new TV adaptation of Shakespeare's Macbeth.
Belgium's king has been criticised for a TV broadcast in which he appeared to refer to the 1930s economic crisis in the country.
England fast bowler Mark Wood and all-rounder Steven Finn have been named in the squads for the three-match one-day international series against the North and South of England.
The organisers of Londonderry's Fleadh have said they have been given the go-ahead to bid to host the event again.
Hundreds of thousands of trees are to be planted in County Down to mark the centenary of the end of World War One.
A Nottingham tram stop sign has been branded an "absolute joke" after it was found to spell the city's name as "Nottingham University".
Ethiopian runner Feyisa Lilesa has been suspended by the International Olympic Committee (IOC) for his anti-government protest at the Rio Games.
The death of Enda Dolan on the Malone Road in Londonderry is the latest in a series of road deaths in Northern Ireland.
At least 20 people have been killed in a knife attack at a railway station in the Chinese city of Beijing, state media say.
EDF, the French energy company, is to increase its electricity and gas prices for 1.5 million of its customers.
As the government launches its EU referendum campaign, BBC News takes a look at why it is spending so much money on leaflets.
Cymru Fyw yna i ddal y broses hir ac weithiau araf yng Nghaerdydd, yn ôl BBC Cymru.
A custody sergeant accused of the manslaughter of a man who died after being restrained in custody was not "brutal", a court has heard.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed lower on Monday, as oil prices fell and a deal for a cancer drug firm sent its shares soaring.
Eight puppies and two dogs have been stolen from a house in West Lothian.
Sinn FÃ©in has called on unionist politicians to condemn "hatemongers" who put a replica coffin bearing the image of Martin McGuinness on a bonfire in east Belfast.
Celta Vigo have signed Fulham midfielder Jordi Alba on loan until the end of the season.
Letting agencies should be banned from charging "extortionate fees" to private tenants, a Labour AM has said.
"The Metropolitan Police has launched an investigation into allegations of historical child sexual abuse."
A bid to become the UK's first spaceport has been launched in Aberdeenshire.
George Galloway is one of the UK's best-known gardeners.
Scottish Liberal Democrat leader Willie Rennie has won the North East Fife seat from the SNP.
The way we buy things has changed dramatically over the past 50 years, according to a new study.
A Borders-based knitwear firm has seen a "surge" in sales following the launch of a new range of products.
A replica of one of the world's oldest cave art sites has been unveiled by the French president.
England goalkeeper Karen Bardsley has been ruled out of the Euro 2017 qualifiers against Belgium and Bosnia-Herzegovina because of injury.
A former ambulance officer has been jailed for sexually assaulting a teenage girl.
World heavyweight champion Tyson Fury beat Dereck Chisora in a unanimous decision to set up a potential fight with Wladimir Klitschko.
Hull KR captain Jamie Peacock says the future of half-back Albert Kelly is "up in the air" after he was suspended by the Super League club.
The Conservative Party says it is "absolutely determined" to establish the truth of bullying allegations surrounding the death of a youth activist.
Alibaba, the Chinese e-commerce giant, is seeking to become the world's biggest initial public offering (IPO) since Facebook.
The financial state of the NHS in England will not be published until after the general election, it has been confirmed.
Six-time Olympic champion Usain Bolt qualified fastest for the semi-finals of the men's 100m.
Brentford defender Tom Elliott has signed a new two-year contract with the Championship club.
There's been a lot of talk about Madonna in the last few days.
Canada Post has announced plans to phase out direct mail delivery to homes and businesses in a bid to cut costs.
US President Barack Obama has called for an end to corruption during a visit to Kenya, where his father was born.
In the mountains of southern France, the summer months are traditionally the busiest for the grey wolf.
James Corden is to bring his US talk show The Late Late Show to Sky 1 in the UK for the first time.
David Cameron is to meet German Chancellor Angela Merkel to discuss Britain's relationship with the European Union and the migrant crisis.
Barclays chief executive Antony Jenkins is to step down, the bank has announced.
The FBI is investigating the alleged hacking of the iCloud accounts of eight Hollywood stars, according to court papers.
A man who killed a teenager and seriously injured two others when he crashed his car into a telegraph pole has been jailed.
The international community will pay a "high price" if it fails to help the 1.3 million Syrians who have fled their country, a Jordanian minister has told a conference.
Indian drinks tycoon Vijay Mallya has denied that he is "absconding" after the sale of his former headquarters failed to attract a buyer.
Researchers at the University of Aberdeen are to carry out a study to see if electronic cigarettes are better for health than tobacco cigarettes.
A school in Weston-super-Mare which was placed in special measures by Ofsted is to close.
The Duchess of Cambridge has become the latest high-profile celebrity to show support for those suffering from mental health problems.
A woman has been killed in a house fire in Ballymena, County Londonderry.
A former primary school deputy head teacher has been jailed for 12 years for raping seven of his pupils.
The deaths of two whales off the Suffolk coast are being investigated by experts.
A man who killed his ex-partner by stamping on her head has had his jail sentence increased by the Court of Appeal.
Virat Kohli's century helped India beat Pakistan by eight wickets in the opening match of the World Cup in Australia.
Jonathan Demme, who has died at the age of 69, is one of the most influential and influential directors of our time.
The British Olympic Association (BOA) have said they will not overturn the selection of Lutalo Muhammad as Great Britain's Olympic taekwondo fighter.
The Met Police has apologised to the family of a man found dead in south-east London five years ago after a reinvestigation into his death.
A County Antrim man has been jailed for 12 years for the murder of his partner in their home.
A 15-year-old boy has been rescued from a cave in West Yorkshire after falling about 50ft (15m).
NHS Highland has agreed to set up a specialist maternity unit (CMU) at Caithness General Hospital in Wick.
Leeds Rhinos kept their Super League play-off hopes alive with a hard-fought victory over St Helens in the final game at Headingley.
Kenya's President Uhuru Kenyatta has said the High Court's decision not to print ballot papers for next month's elections is an attempt to "intimidate" him.
A huge storm has hit the US state of Texas in America.
A man accused of murdering his ex-girlfriend sent her a text message shortly before she was found dead, a court has heard.
Castleford Tigers thrashed Wakefield Trinity to win the Challenge Cup for the first time in their history.
Comedian Russell Brand has said he will take legal action against The Sun after the newspaper attacked him on social media.
Paul Brian Murray was a 12-year-old boy from Stoke-on-Trent who travelled to the match with his dad, Tony, who was also killed in the disaster.
The prime minister of Norway has visited the island where a man dressed as a police officer carried out a mass shooting on Wednesday, killing 77 people.
The jury in the trial of a man accused of murdering a woman in the Republic of Ireland in 2012 has retired to consider its verdict.
North Ferriby's winless run in the National League extended to seven games as Bromley came from behind to win 2-1.
Former Sussex batsman Murray Goodwin has returned to the county as batting coach.
Ferry services have been cancelled on the Isle of Man as high winds continue to batter the island.
Indonesia's economy grew at an annual rate of 5.9% in the last three months of 2016, its slowest pace in more than a decade.
Teenagers' brains are better at learning from bad outcomes than adults, according to US researchers.
A cyclist has been killed by a grizzly bear in Montana's Glacier National Park, officials say.
Anti-social behaviour will rise on the new Night Tube service, Transport for London (TfL) has warned.
A former NHS nurse who downloaded hundreds of thousands of indecent images of children has been jailed for six years.
Ireland will face Pakistan, Bangladesh and South Africa in the Super Sixes of the ICC Women's World Twenty20 after finishing third in Group B.
Plans to build holiday lodges on a Grade I listed site at Warwick Castle have been submitted to the council.
Everton boss Ronald Koeman should "look at his own training schedule" before criticising the Republic of Ireland, says defender Michael Keane.
A jury has retired to consider its verdict in the trial of a man and his brother accused of murdering their lover.
German airline Lufthansa is to charge a distribution cost charge for travellers who buy tickets via travel price comparison sites.
Warrenpoint Town have said they are "shocked" by the Irish Football Association's decision not to punish Carrick Rangers over a touchline ban.
Scientists at the University of Glasgow say they have found a way to lengthen the lives of animals.
The Mexican government has increased the minimum and maximum prison sentences for those who kidnap and kill their victims.
An anaesthetist has told an inquest it took five minutes for a nerve stimulator to arrive after a mother suffered a fatal haemorrhage during childbirth.
An Islamic court in Nigeria has sentenced four men to 20 lashes for being gay, reports say.
Russian Athletics Minister Vitaly Mutko says the country's athletes will not be allowed to compete at this summer's World Championships.
A former Guantanamo Bay detainee has been arrested in Kampala on suspicion of involvement in the murder of a prominent Ugandan prosecutor, police say.
The governor of the US state of Indiana has hit back at criticism of his state's new religious freedom law.
Shakin' Stevens has been voted the best Welsh musician of all time by BBC Radio Wales listeners.
Sepp Blatter's former right-hand man has said speculation that Russia and Qatar may have been bribed to win the 2018 and 2022 World Cups is "permissible".
A man who fled to the UK after being convicted of murdering two brothers has been jailed for 12 years.
Wales midfielder Joe Ledley says he will support the Football Association of Wales' decision not to wear poppies on Armistice Day.
Diving helmets from around the world have been sold at auction for more than £20,000.
A body has been recovered from the River Nith in Dumfries and Galloway.
League One side Coventry City have signed Preston North End midfielder Josh Brownhill on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Some GP practices in England could close because of a lack of funding, the BBC has learned.
As Liverpool fans celebrate the 50th anniversary of Kevin Keegan, Kenny Dalglish and Ian Rush's goals, there is one man who will always have a special place in the club's hearts.
Slavery is a "serious and organised crime" that needs to be tackled urgently.
During World War Two, a network of tunnels under London was used by the Royal Navy to transport troops and supplies.
Newcastle United owner Mike Ashley has said he will not sell the club until they win something.
England head coach Mark Sampson has been cleared of any wrongdoing by Eniola Aluko, who accused him of "bullying" her during Euro 2017.
Prison deaths in England and Wales have risen by more than a third in the past five years, the chief inspector of prisons has said.
Scotland head coach Gordon Strachan is expected to name his squad for the friendlies against Czech Republic and Slovakia later this month.
Two people have been arrested following an incident at a house in Wrexham.
Northampton hooker Ben Foden says he will have to push himself to the limit if he is to compete with England team-mate Mike Brown for a place in the Six Nations.
Ding Junhui was knocked out of the UK Championship in the first round with a 6-0 defeat by Ryan Duffy.
A free school breakfast scheme in Blackpool should be extended for another year, researchers have said.
One of the longest-serving head teachers in the country is to retire after more than 30 years.
Solihull Moors have signed Rushall Olympic left-back Jordan Smith on loan until the end of the season.
The death of a man whose remains were found in a Gwynedd forest is being treated as suspicious, police have said.
As a young boy, I remember walking around my township in the Western Isles in the early hours of New Year's Day.
The Hong Kong government has announced plans to create a "one-stop" border clearance centre for passengers travelling between China and Hong Kong.
Australia is to send more troops to Afghanistan as part of the Nato mission against the Taliban, the government says.
A man has died after being hit by a van in Glasgow.
Children are being taught "on the cheap" in academies in England, a teachers' union has claimed.
Royal Mail has launched a consultation on changes to its pension scheme, with Unite and the CWU unions warning of possible action.
Jersey Warriors' new head coach Chris Stevens says the club are aiming for a top-four finish in the Championship.
The world's first tailless, jet-powered warplane has flown for the first time.
Shares in chipmaker Qualcomm fell more than 10% in after-hours trading after the company said it would cut costs by $1bn.
Two people have been taken to hospital after a fire broke out in a lounge at a house in Birmingham.
China has executed five Uighur men in the restive Xinjiang region, state news agency Xinhua says.
A community hall that was threatened with closure has reopened after a 10,000-signature petition to save it.
A three-year-old boy is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in Barry.
The amount of compensation you get for payment protection insurance (PPI) can vary depending on which credit card provider you use.
A new invention which uses pee to generate electricity is being tested at the Glastonbury festival.
Facebook has produced a detailed map of the world's population, using data gathered from its Aquila drones.
Warrington Wolves beat Widnes Vikings to reach the Challenge Cup quarter-finals for the first time in four years.
The organisers of this year's E3 Harelbeke cycling event have agreed to remove a poster which appears to show a cyclist pinching a podium girl's bottom.
Nine-year-old Kai was forced to flee his home in Botswana and seek refuge at a refugee camp in the north of the country.
Two police officers have been left shaken after a brick was thrown at their patrol car in Londonderry.
Emma Watson has said there's no country in the world where all women can expect to receive the same rights as men.
Network Rail has been told by the rail regulator that it needs to do more to improve its performance.
Egypt reached the quarter-finals of the Africa Cup of Nations for the first time since 2010 with a 1-0 win over Morocco in Gabon.
Two police officers have been charged with misconduct over evidence they gave to MPs about the conduct of MP George Mitchell.
A man who died after being hit by a car in Caterham, south-west London, may have been stabbed, an inquest has heard.
A moustache contest is being held in Dover to mark the 70th anniversary of one of the UK's oldest gentlemen's clubs.
Police in Zambia have arrested more than 100 Chinese nationals on suspicion of illegal mining, state media report.
Two Kilcoo players have been suspended by the Ulster Council following an investigation into allegations of racial abuse.
Nick Kyrgios needs to work harder at his game after his shock Wimbledon quarter-final defeat by Andy Murray, says John McEnroe.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has met Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto for the first time since he launched his bid for the White House.
A drug used to treat type-2 diabetes may extend the lifespan of middle-aged men, a study in mice suggests.
A man has died after being attacked in a "targeted attack" outside a Denbighshire store.
Widnes Vikings have released prop Chris Bailey, half-back Joe Cox and prop Chris Dodds.
A car has crashed into a building in Glasgow city centre after police gave up their pursuit.
Championship side Sunderland have sold Italy striker Federico Chiaccherini to Italian side Fiorentina for an undisclosed fee on a four-year deal.
An archaeological dig at a medieval castle has uncovered artefacts dating back more than 1,000 years.
The Sun newspaper has apologised for an article by its former editor Ian MacKenzie that was described by police as "racist".
Torquay United have been sold to a group of investors from Hong Kong and the United States for an undisclosed fee.
Thousands of people in England and Wales are being questioned by police without an appropriate adult, the Home Office has said.
Here is the full list of British and Irish Lions players for the 2015-16 season.
Substitute Marcus Rashford and Marouane Fellaini scored late goals as Manchester United beat Leicester City to go top of the Premier League.
The government is considering making non-payment of the BBC licence fee a civil offence, the Daily Telegraph reports.
The UK's prime minister has offered EU citizens living in the UK the same rights as those in the EU after Brexit.
A member of the so-called Islamic State cell that carried out the Barcelona attack has told a Spanish court that the group's plans were scaled back after a house explosion.
A drug dealer accused of murdering a man with a crossbow has told a jury he had "absolutely nothing" to do with the killing.
A convicted murderer who absconded from a South Yorkshire prison has been arrested.
Rory McIlroy says he is "totally fine" to play at this week's US Open despite missing the first two tournaments of the season with injury.
David Lammy has said he will "take soundings" on whether to enter the race to be Labour's next leader.
A former NHS boss has admitted using £11,000 of NHS money to pay her husband for work on a newsletter that never existed.
Google has launched a service that allows advertisers to measure the impact of its adverts on offline sales.
An 18-year-old woman has been sexually assaulted by a man she was taken to a layby in Midlothian.
The number of people living in the UK reached a record 64,596,800 in 2013, the Office for National Statistics (ONS) has said.
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte has signed a new three-year contract with the Premier League champions.
Guernsey have been drawn at home in the FA Cup second qualifying round for the first time in five years.
Plans to build a bridge across the River Thames in east London should be scrapped, a review of the project has said.
A busy road in central London has reopened after being closed for several hours when a water main burst.
"Death, taxes and the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scandal" is the headline on the front page of the Irish News today.
The husband of a dentist who took her own life has said the last few days have been the "worst" of his life.
A former Texas police officer is to stand trial charged with murder over the death of a black teenager.
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi has caused a stir on social media after he said Bangladesh's Prime Minister, Sheikh Hasina, was a "woman" who had "zero tolerance for terrorism".
British rower David Pitcher has set his sights on setting a new world record for the fastest solo crossing of the Atlantic.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored the only goal of the game as Portugal beat Sweden 1-0 in the first leg of their World Cup qualifier in Stockholm.
Five British sailors have been released on bail after spending more than a year in jail in India.
Sangin is one of the most important districts in the southern Afghan province of Helmand, and has been the scene of fierce fighting between government and Taliban forces since the end of 2001.
As part of the 70th anniversary of the liberation of Auschwitz, the BBC has been speaking to one of the last survivors of the Nazi death camp.
It's that time of year again - the Glastonbury Festival is under way, with thousands of festival-goers heading to Worthy Farm for the first time.
Twelve people had to be rescued after a fire broke out at a five-star hotel in Cardiff.
Ghana has been banned from drilling for oil in a disputed area off the coast of Ivory Coast, a UN tribunal has ruled.
More than 150 motorists were caught using their mobile phones while driving during a police operation which led to the deaths of four people.
The jury in the rape trial of footballer Ched Evans has been told to consider the case "calmly, objectively and without emotion".
Stuart Hogg was ruled out of the second Test against the All Blacks with a knee injury suffered in the defeat by the Barbarians on Saturday.
A campaign group has called for the Scottish government to take action after beavers were found in the west Highlands.
Two men have been seen on the roof of a building in Bridgend city centre.
Sunderland have sacked manager Dick Advocaat after eight games in charge of the Championship club.
The former chief executive of a Bristol charity accused of "bias towards black and minority ethnics" has refused to comment on the BBC's investigation.
More than 1,000 homes in Kirklees are to be fitted with solar panels as part of a £14m scheme.
Andy Murray has criticised the Lawn Tennis Association for not doing enough to develop the next generation of British tennis players.
Northampton Town midfielder Danny Richards has praised manager Chris Wilder after the League Two champions were crowned on Sunday.
Olympic long jump champion Greg Rutherford has qualified for Saturday's final at the World Championships in London.
Prime Minister Theresa May has said the families of the Hillsborough victims have "never faltered" in their fight for justice.
The RSPCA has appealed for information after an injured pony was found dumped in a remote part of Lincolnshire.
The UK will take some lone child refugees who have made it to Europe before 20 March, Prime Minister David Cameron has said.
Newsnight presenter Jeremy Paxman has defended his decision to grow a beard last year, saying "beards are so 2013".
Dance act Coldplay have topped the album chart for the second week in a row with Alternative Light Source.
Cuba's President, Raul Castro, has told the country's parliament to "clean up" its heads ahead of a series of reforms.
The six teams in the inaugural Women's Cricket Super League (WCSL) have been announced.
The number of students going to further education colleges in Northern Ireland has fallen by more than 20% in the past three years.
The bodies of more than 100 migrants have washed up on the Libyan coast after two boats capsized off the city of Zuwara, officials say.
A ceasefire has started in the Syrian city of Aleppo, which is one of the biggest cities in the country.
Football Association chief executive Greg Dyke has paid tribute to ex-footballer Lee Woodward, who has come forward to say he was sexually abused by a coach as a boy.
Dundee Waterfront has been given the go-ahead for the creation of two new public spaces.
Ulster have appointed Jim Clarke as their new forwards coach on a two-year contract.
Leeds Rhinos half-back Jamie Galloway has been ruled out for the rest of the season after rupturing an Achilles tendon.
United States Ryder Cup captain Davis Love III has named Bubba Watson as one of his five assistant captains for next month's match against Europe.
Lewis Hamilton says he hopes Mercedes will not impose team orders on him and team-mate Nico Rosberg after their dramatic crash.
A cousin of a soldier whose remains were found during World War One has said he is "astonished" to find out he is related to him.
Ukraine will take a 2-0 lead into the second leg of their World Cup qualifying play-off against Slovenia after goals from Andriy Yarmolenko and Andrey Seleznyov.
Ospreys head coach Warren Gatland says his side did not "overdo" their build-up to their Champions Cup defeat by Exeter.
A new stretch of motorway between Edinburgh and Glasgow has opened to traffic.
Match of the Day Kickabout takes a look at the history of football's oldest game, the FA Cup.
Serena Williams has said she does not deserve to be paid less than male players because of her age.
Thousands of young people in the UK are at risk of taking their own lives because of poor mental health, says a new report.
Israeli police say they have shot dead a man suspected of killing two Israelis and a taxi driver in Tel Aviv on Sunday.
A man has been jailed for seven-and-a-half years for the attempted murder of a man who had asked him to keep the noise down in his close.
A California woman accused of plotting to kill her boyfriend has posted a record $100m (£65m) bail, her lawyer has said.
The number of nursery staff qualified to work with children in England has fallen by more than a third in the past year, figures show.
The chair of the US Federal Reserve has said the case for a rise in interest rates has "strengthened".
Shares in bookmaker Paddy Power Betfair fell 5% after the company reported a fall in full-year profits.
In 2013, I met a woman who offered to be my "fake girlfriend".
A tennis player who was brought to the UK as a refugee at the age of nine has won an award at the Black History Month celebrations.
A 15-year-old girl is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in Inverness.
England batsman Joe Root has been confirmed as Alastair Cook's successor as Test captain.
A meeting has been held to "condemn" a police training exercise in Manchester in which a fake suicide bomber was used.
Star Wars actor John Boyega is giving back to the London theatre where he grew up by starring in its new production of Les Miserables.
Dundee maintained their 100% start to the Premiership season with a comfortable victory over Ross County.
A minister has been heckled in the House of Commons as he defended the government's work on older workers.
Plans to transform a Grade I-listed building in Ceredigion into a heritage centre have been given a £1.5m boost.
Institute Football Club have been forced to cancel their Championship game against Ballyclare on Friday because of the damage caused by Tuesday's flooding.
Notts County have appointed former BBC Radio Nottingham presenter Chris Fletcher as their new director of football.
Germany's federal government has set out how it will distribute asylum seekers across its 16 states, in a bid to ease pressure on reception centres.
Scientists are studying the ancient climate of the Indian Ocean as part of a project to understand the impact of climate change.
More than 5,000 Kenyan doctors have gone on strike in a long-running dispute with the government.
Three US marines have been killed and two others injured after an aircraft crashed off the Australian coast, the US military says.
The SSPCA has said it is "very proud" of a caller who found a plastic snake in a park in Swansea.
The UK's defence secretary has announced the start of work on the next generation of Royal Navy warships at BAE Systems' Clyde yards.
At least 20 people have been killed in an attack on a hospital in the Afghan capital Kabul, the defence ministry says.
Royal Welsh Fusiliers marched through Conwy to mark the 150th anniversary of the first Royal goat.
Indian nurses who were kidnapped by Islamic State militants in Iraq have returned to the country.
St Johnstone's Gary Anderson says Rangers' John Kiernan should face a Scottish FA disciplinary hearing over an alleged punch.
Luton Town manager Nathan Sweet says there are "no boundaries" for non-league clubs to reach the Premier League.
Brechin City twice came from behind to draw with Livingston in Scottish League One.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has said he would allow his MPs a "free vote" on whether the UK should launch air strikes in Syria.
A reconstruction of the face of a Copper Age man has been produced by experts at Dundee University.
Shares in the US restaurant chain Chipotle have fallen more than 7% after US health officials said an outbreak of E. coli was linked to the company's food.
The mother of a Chicago girl who was allegedly attacked by a group of men who streamed the attack on Facebook has said she is afraid to return to her home.
Tsai Ing-wen has been described as a "mystery" by many in China, who see her as a potential threat to their interests.
British number two James Ward says it is "great for British tennis" that he will play alongside world number one Andy Murray at Wimbledon.
The government has been urged to give its "full backing" to the £1bn Swansea tidal lagoon project.
The number of abandoned dogs and puppies in Wales has fallen, the RSPCA has said.
The 2015 Formula 1 season gets under way on Sunday with the opening race at the Bahrain Grand Prix.
Armed police were called to a coach travelling on the M6 Toll in Staffordshire after a report of vapour escaping from a bag.
Four London councils have spent more than £1m on legal action against the third runway at Heathrow Airport.
Parts of northern Germany have been hit by severe flooding after heavy rain and strong winds from the Atlantic Ocean.
The coffins of four French Resistance fighters have been laid to rest in the Pantheon in Paris.
A 90-year-old woman is in a stable condition in hospital after being attacked by a man who broke into her home.
American Charley Hoffman carded the lowest score of the first round of the Masters as he took a one-shot lead into the second.
Plans for automatic pardons for gay and bisexual men convicted of sexual offences are to be considered by the Northern Ireland Assembly.
A teacher who used a personal email account to contact a pupil has been struck off the teaching register.
A motoring festival has been cancelled for the third year in a row because of a lack of funding.
A total of 17 police forces are investigating allegations of historical child sex abuse in football, figures show.
Phil Taylor will face Peter Wright in the Premier League semi-finals on Thursday after both reached the play-offs.
For many of us, the thought of having to change in a public toilet is something we take for granted - but for people with disabilities it can be a very different story.
A Syrian activist group says one of its members has been killed by so-called Islamic State (IS) militants.
Too many young people in the UK are being let down by a "complex and incoherent" education system, a House of Lords report says.
China has launched an anti-phishing campaign on the internet in a bid to stop people falling for scams.
Video replays are being used for the first time in a Major League Soccer match.
Zambia have been drawn in the same group as hosts South Korea for the Under-20 World Cup.
Do you ever feel sad or worried about something you've seen, heard or read in the news?
Politicians have been reacting to the news that a prison officer who was injured in a bomb attack in March has died.
Venezuela is closing its border with Colombia every night in a bid to cut down on the smuggling of goods.
Poland has one of the world's largest media industries and is home to some of Europe's biggest broadcasters.
British number one Johanna Konta missed out on a place in the last 16 of the Madrid Open as she lost 6-4 7-6 (7-4) to Karolina Pliskova.
Work has started on a £30m retail development in Merthyr Tydfil, more than 20 years after it was first proposed.
Cardiff Blues wing James Botham has made his debut for Wales at the Rugby World Cup in New Zealand.
Britain's Chris Froome took the leader's yellow jersey after stage nine of the Tour de France, won by Luke Matthews.
If you have any information about Jimmy Savile or other sexual abuse allegations, you can contact the police.
Ukrainian forces and pro-Russian rebels in eastern Ukraine have begun the process of withdrawing their weapons, officials say.
Royal Mail has warned that competition from a new parcel delivery service could lead to a big fall in its profits.
Daniel Radcliffe has admitted he is "by far one of the least educated people on Shakespeare and Hamlet".
Four Russian women wounded in a mortar attack in Syria have been awarded the country's highest military honour, the Order of Courage.
Ireland coach Joe Schmidt says New Zealand will be "full-strength" when the sides meet in Dublin on Saturday.
The director general of the Argentine police, Gen Rodolfo Palomino, is to be investigated for corruption, Attorney General Luis Ordonez has announced.
Neymar and Lionel Messi scored their first goals of the season as Barcelona came from behind to beat Atletico Madrid in La Liga.
Romania's Ilie Nastase was sent off for abusing British number one Johanna Konta during the second round of the Davis Cup.
Leicester City striker Jamie Vardy has been named in the Professional Footballers' Association World XI for the first time.
League Two side Leyton Orient have extended the loan spell of midfielder Paul McShane until the end of the season.
At least 15 people have been killed and more than 50 wounded in two explosions on buses near the Kenyan capital, Nairobi, officials say.
A 15-year-old girl has told a court how she gave footballer Adam Johnson a "thank you kiss" after he sent her a message on WhatsApp.
British IndyCar driver Justin Wilson has died after a crash during a race in the United States.
A three-year-old girl who was airlifted to hospital after a crash which killed her mother and three other people has been discharged.
Belfast boxer Liam Barnes suffered a shock defeat on his professional debut as he was knocked out in the first round by Bulgarian Ivan Slavchev in Belfast.
Theresa May has said she is confident US President Donald Trump will be "open and honest" with her when they meet for the first time next week.
The gross domestic product (GDP) is a measure of the size of the economy and it is one of the most important statistics in the world.
Scotland's education secretary has launched an online resource which gives teachers and school leaders "effective interventions" to improve the performance of children.
Greece has said it will not take Britain to court over the repatriation of the Parthenon Marbles.
Government spending on social security has fallen by £2.5bn in real terms since 2010, a think tank has said.
Albania qualified for the Euro 2016 finals for the first time in their history with a comfortable 3-0 win over Denmark in Group I.
A committee of MSPs has said it will review building safety standards following the Grenfell Tower fire in London.
Watford moved off the bottom of the Premier League as goals from Odion Ighalo and Abdoulaye Doucoure saw off Newcastle.
Work has started on the first phase of a £10m regeneration project in Fishguard, Pembrokeshire.
One of Ukraine's most prominent anti-government protesters, Olexander Kalashnikov, has been found dead in his flat in the capital, Kiev.
France's ex-President Nicolas Sarkozy has been accused by his former chief of staff of carrying out "acts of treachery".
National League side Wrexham are interested in signing Plymouth Argyle striker Callum Harvey, BBC Wales Sport understands.
The room where Field Marshal Arthur Wellesley died in 1852 has been recreated as part of an exhibition marking the 150th anniversary of his death.
People who spend time in an aquarium are more likely to feel happier than those who do not, a study has found.
Easyjet is planning to use drones to inspect its fleet of planes, the airline has announced.
The new trailer for the next James Bond film, Spectre, has been released.
Hundreds of workers at a Walkers crisp factory in County Durham are set to lose their jobs.
A former music studio in Granada has been turned into a video-editing studio.
Russian authorities are carrying out a series of unannounced inspections of non-governmental organisations (NGOs) in Moscow, officials say.
Flu vaccine Pandemrix has been linked to an increased risk of narcolepsy in children in the UK.
The UK has more universities in the world's top 200 than any other country, according to a new league table.
Two giant Welsh dragon statues have been unveiled at Caernarfon Castle in Gwynedd.
A woman who admitted fraud and embezzlement while working as an estate agent has been given a community payback order.
Parents in Australia are being urged to vaccinate their children against measles, whooping cough and polio.
Oscar Pérez has been on the run from the Venezuelan government for more than a year, accused of plotting a coup.
The SNP has been confirmed as the official third largest party in the House of Commons.
Scientists have sequenced the entire genome of a single ash tree in a bid to find the genes that could protect it from a deadly fungus.
It's been a long, gruelling campaign and it's only just begun, but there's still plenty of time for the candidates to make their case.
A street in the US city of San Francisco has been sold off by the city over unpaid taxes.
Maxime Biamou scored twice as Sutton came from behind to beat Gateshead in the National League.
The bodies of two climbers have been found on the Matterhorn in Switzerland, the Swiss Alpine Club has said.
Napoli striker Gonzalo Higuain has been banned for four games after being sent off in Saturday's defeat by Chievo.
Parents of children who smoke say they are worried about the effects of smoking on their children's health.
Mental health patients at Bracknell Forest Hospital are to be asked for their views on the services they receive.
A Lords committee has called on the government to introduce a national minimum price for alcohol in England and Wales.
Plans for a £50m surfing lagoon in Snowdonia have been given the go-ahead after the Welsh government approved £3.5m of funding.
The Cleveland Indians beat the Chicago Cubs 5-0 to take a 1-0 lead in the best-of-seven World Series after a dominant start from Corey Kluber.
Red Bull's Daniel Ricciardo said he was "miserable" after failing to pit for tyres for the second race in a row at the Hungarian Grand Prix.
Leicester City and Brighton & Hove Albion fans have been criticised for homophobic chanting during a Premier League match.
A large bonfire has been set on fire in north Belfast.
In our series of letters from African-American journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at why Donald Trump will not win the US presidential election.
Denmark's Svetlana Purve-Jorendal was born in Pune, India, to an Indian father who killed himself and left her to grow up in poverty.
Red Bull's Daniel Ricciardo set the pace in the first practice session at the Hungarian Grand Prix.
A serial killer who has been in prison for more than 30 years should be moved to a high-security prison, the BBC understands.
Plans to centralise Welsh-medium education in a Powys high school have been rejected by the full council.
Tom DeLonge has denied reports that he has quit Blink 182.
Firefighters had to cut a hole in a tyre to free a woman who became wedged in it at a play park.
Manchester United defender Marcos Rojo is playing "emotional but very clean", says manager Jose Mourinho.
South Korea's President Park Geun-hye has apologised to the nation over a corruption scandal that has engulfed her administration.
A 23-year-old man has been charged with attempted murder after a three-year old boy was hit by a car in Merthyr Tydfil.
More than 100,000 people have signed an online petition calling for the death penalty to be reinstated in the UK.
A three-year-old boy has died after an accident on a farm in Maguiresbridge, County Fermanagh.
South African prosecutors have launched an appeal against the conviction of Oscar Pistorius for killing his girlfriend.
Dunsfold Park aerodrome in Waverley, Surrey, has lost a High Court battle over whether it should be allowed to allow unrestricted flying.
Oxford United manager Michael Appleton has no new injury worries ahead of his side's FA Cup fourth-round tie against Newcastle United.
Walmart has agreed to sell its Yihaodian brand to Chinese e-commerce giant JD.com in a deal worth $1.3bn (Â£1bn).
A former Welsh Secretary has accused the UK government of "breaking a manifesto commitment" by not calling a referendum on Welsh independence.
UKIP would set up a dedicated veterans' minister if it wins the election, the party has said.
Here's a look at some of the top entertainment stories of the past week.
The government is "hardening" its stance on renewable energy subsidies, the BBC understands.
A service to mark the centenary of a World War One ambulance unit is being held in Cardiff.
Great Britain's Marcus Ellis and Chris Langridge won Olympic gold in the men's doubles with a dramatic win over world number one Chenwei and Chenwei Lin of China in Rio.
It was a bad day for London Underground workers on Friday.
Coventry City's Supporters' Trust has said it does not condone anti-social and illegal acts by fans during Saturday's League One defeat by MK Dons.
China has said it will work with the US to resolve the crisis over North Korea's nuclear programme.
Glasgow School of Art's fire-damaged Mackintosh building is to receive a £10,000 grant from a philanthropic organisation.
David Beckham has posed for a photo with an air ambulance volunteer who saved the lives of six people in a rollercoaster crash.
A High Court judge has ruled in favour of Stormont's environment minister Mark Durkan in a legal challenge to his decision to approve a major development plan.
League Two side Portsmouth have signed Chesterfield midfielder Drew Talbot on a one-year deal.
New Hartlepool United boss Lee Hignett says he was taken by the quality of the players he has inherited.
Actor George Cole, who has died at the age of 91, was best known for his roles in Cottage To Let, Minder and A Life of Bliss.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed down by 0.7% after the Bank of England decided not to cut interest rates for the second time this year.
Firefighters in England and Wales have gone on strike in a dispute over changes to their pensions.
"We will bring fast broadband to every home and business that wants it."
Police in Colombia have arrested two people for allegedly running an operation to sabotage the country's peace process with Cuba.
The Football Association has appointed Baroness Campbell as its new head of women's football.
Manchester United midfielder Bastian Schweinsteiger has been included in their squad for the Europa League.
Two security guards have been threatened with a gun during a robbery at a Royal Bank of Scotland in Glasgow.
US President Donald Trump has signed an executive order scrapping the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade deal.
The funeral has taken place in Perth of John and Ann Graham, one of three Scots killed in the Sousse terror attack.
A pair of pants worn by Queen Victoria are expected to fetch up to £10,000 when they are sold at auction.
Hearts head coach Robbie Neilson was unhappy with the challenge that led to Jack Hamilton's red card in his side's 4-2 win over Partick Thistle.
Former Wales defender Dean Saunders has been offered a free parking spot at an airport after he left his car at the start of the Euro 2016 tournament.
Kettering's Mark Wilson says his record-equalling five-wicket haul in the German Open quarter-finals was the "best match" of his career.
Shrinking products are being sold at a lower price in supermarkets, according to a consumer group.
The mother of a baby whose remains were found in a plastic bag 12 months ago is being sought by police.
Britain's Chris Froome remains in the Tour de France leader's yellow jersey despite finishing fourth behind stage winner Diego Pantano in France.
The government has announced the preferred route for the HS2 high-speed rail line between London and Birmingham.
Ten-man Barnsley suffered their first league defeat of the season as Chesterfield won at Oakwell.
EDF, the French energy giant, says it will make a decision next week on whether to build a new nuclear power station at Hinkley Point in Somerset.
A dead fin whale has been found washed up on a Norfolk beach.
A 19-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the Rangers v Celtic match at Celtic Park last month.
A BBC Persian presenter has said she was prevented from travelling to the US because her mother was born in Iran.
Pupils in Wales are not getting the support they need to improve, the education watchdog Estyn has said.
A man who bit off part of a colleague's ear in an "unprovoked" attack has been jailed for four years.
An Australian psychiatrist says he was asked to delete clinical opinions that linked mental health problems in asylum seekers to prolonged detention.
Neil Gaiman's novel The Ocean at the End of the Lane has been named the UK's Book of the Year.
The Great British Bake Off is back on our TV screens this weekend - but who can give us their verdict on the contestants' baking skills?
A health regulator has launched an investigation into the management of the Christie Hospital in Manchester.
Scientists have recreated what they believe to be the ancestor of all modern molluscs.
Derry City and Strabane District Council has said it will not be able to find a new home for the city's Evening Post newspaper.
The parents of a reservist who died on an SAS training exercise have said they are "extremely disappointed" the UK government will not change the law to allow them to sue the army.
A man has been arrested after a car was stolen from a farm and led police on a high-speed chase.
Plaid Cymru AM Lord Elis-Thomas has said it was clear the party was "not willing to seriously participate" in government.
Donald Trump's victory in the US presidential election has had a profound impact on the world of business, according to a dating site.
Human rights group Amnesty International has accused the US and other countries of adopting a " dehumanizing agenda" that is fuelling hate speech.
There has been a lot of talk about the planned two-day strikes by junior doctors in England next week.
Wales lock Luke Charteris is set to join Bath from French side Racing 92.
Concerns have been raised about the condition of some of the personal belongings of poet Edward Thomas.
Chris Machan hit an unbeaten century as Worcestershire took control on day one against Sussex at Hove.
Former Barcelona midfielder Xavi believes Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola can change the mentality of English football.
The number of patients being delayed in hospital for too long is continuing to rise, according to new figures.
Maoist rebels will not be allowed to attack any train in India, the leader of the country's main opposition Congress party has told the BBC.
A "mini-jersey" for the Tour de France is being offered by Cambridge Borough Council to promote the city.
A man has been charged with wasting police time after he was arrested in connection with an alleged robbery in Londonderry.
Tunisia's beach where a gunman killed at least 38 people and wounded more than 100 others is now deserted, but for the owner of the hotel where the attack took place, the scene will never be the same.
A 25-year-old man has been arrested in Florida on suspicion of starting a fire at a mosque that was frequented by the gunman who killed 49 people at a gay nightclub.
The Mountaineering Association of Scotland (MBA) has urged hillwalkers to help keep mountain bothies tidy.
Wakefield came from behind to beat Catalans Dragons in the Super League play-off semi-final.
Gloucester scrum-half Mark Atkinson has signed a new one-year contract with the Premiership club.
Former England and Tottenham striker Jimmy Greaves has died just days before he was due to be inducted into the Tottenham Hotspur Hall of Fame.
Celtic maintained their 100% start to the Scottish Premiership season with a comfortable victory over Partick Thistle.
Montrose slipped out of the Scottish League Two play-off places as they were beaten at home by East Fife.
Burnley defender Ben Jones has joined League One side Rochdale on a season-long loan deal.
The Scottish Professional Football League (SPFL) has said it has been the victim of a hacking attack.
League One side MK Dons have re-signed Bradford City striker Jordan Rhodes on a season-long loan deal.
US Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump says he would cut off Mexico's cash transfers if he wins the White House.
The Conservatives have won the South Wales East seat in the assembly election after a close race for the seat.
Ross County manager Ross McIntyre has been nominated for the Scottish manager of the year award.
The UK's Supreme Court has agreed to hear an appeal by a celebrity accused of having an extra-marital relationship.
South African President Jacob Zuma's decision to sack Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan has triggered a storm of criticism from within his own party.
Hull City have confirmed they are in advanced talks with a potential buyer for the Premier League club.
The head of Cecil the lion has been found in the home of one of the co-accused in the illegal killing of the animal, a conservationist has told the BBC.
Substitute Aiden Ajose's stoppage-time penalty rescued a point for Charlton at Gillingham.
Families with two parents earning more than £50,000 a year will lose some of their Universal Credit benefits, the government has announced.
The police and crime commissioner (PCC) for Devon and Cornwall has announced he will not be seeking re-election in 2016.
Swansea City's former captain Alan Curtis has taken up the role of loan player manager.
A youth football club has cancelled all its games after travellers set up camp next to their changing rooms.
France's cultural venues have reopened following Friday's attacks in Paris, in which 130 people were killed.
London Welsh have been knocked out of the British & Irish Cup after their second match of the season was postponed because of financial problems.
Dawid Malan hit an unbeaten 109 as Middlesex beat Glamorgan by eight wickets in the One-Day Cup at Lord's.
The boss of a hospital criticised by a health watchdog has told MPs he is "disappointed" the watchdog has not changed its report.
Police have released CCTV images of a man and woman they want to trace in connection with a serious assault on a teenager in Paisley.
The number of dogs seized by police in Wales last year has fallen, despite an increase in attacks.
The Football Association's first black and minority ethnic (BAME) board member Anne Rabbatts is to step down from the organisation's board.
England's Jos Buttler scored the fastest century in one-day international history as his side beat Pakistan by eight wickets in Abu Dhabi.
Two people have been arrested after two cyclists were killed when they were hit by a car.
The founder of a Peebles-based online tyre-fitting business, which has seen annual sales rise to £28m, has sold his stake in the company for £1.
A report into the future of Wales' national parks has been criticised by conservationists.
Former England all-rounder James Tremlett has announced his retirement from cricket.
A driverless car with virtual buttons has been unveiled at the CES tech show in Las Vegas.
Three fishermen have been rescued after their boat capsized off the west coast of Scotland.
Poland's right-wing Law and Justice party has won the general election, ending the coalition government of Civic Platform.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has claimed the US election will be "rigged" in favour of his rival Hillary Clinton.
A six-year-old boy's death was "preventable" and could have been prevented if an optometrist had done her job properly, a court has heard.
Burton Albion moved into the play-off places in the Championship with a hard-fought victory over Birmingham City.
Salford Red Devils prop Josh Garbutt says he is "very disappointed" after being banned for punching an opponent in Saturday's Super League defeat by St Helens.
A memorial service has been held for a missing British yachtsman who died when his yacht capsized off the coast of Massachusetts in May.
A £30m investment in social housing by Falkirk Council's pension fund could inspire other local authorities to follow in its footsteps.
Sean Dickson hit his second Championship century of the season as Kent were bowled out for 412 by Derbyshire at Canterbury.
A man has been arrested after a woman was sexually assaulted in Cardiff city centre.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo reflects on his life as a diamond miner in Sierra Leone.
Plans for the extension of the Northern Line in London have been given the go-ahead by the government.
The transport minister has dismissed claims of a "conspiracy theory" over the future of cross-border rail services.
Tim Peake and his team on the International Space Station found a hidden Space Invaders game while working on a new programme.
At least 20 people have been killed in a gun and bomb attack on a restaurant in Burkina Faso's capital, Ouagadougou, officials say.
A 25-year-old man has died in a crash involving a car and a lorry on the A90 in Dumfries and Galloway.
A Bangladeshi man who spent more than 15 years in prison in Pakistan has been reunited with his family in his home village.
The UK-based software company mSpy has admitted that customers' personal data has been stolen and posted on the dark web.
There's been a lot of talk about how Twitter needs to do more to stop the abuse it gets from its users.
The UK's Serious Fraud Office (SFO) should investigate corruption allegations surrounding the awarding of the 2018 and 2022 World Cups, an MP has said.
McLaren chief executive Ron Dennis is to leave the Formula 1 team at the end of the season, BBC Sport understands.
Spanish newspaper El Mundo says it has seen evidence that Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy received illegal payments when he was a minister.
Two migrants have been killed in separate incidents while trying to cross the Channel to the UK.
Britain's Ahmed Yafai won the vacant IBF world super-flyweight title with a unanimous points victory over former world champion Artur Akavov in Birmingham on Saturday.
Campaigners have welcomed a decision to extend opening hours at a country park in Hampshire after months of protests.
A Sinn Féin MLA has been ordered to apologise for a tweet he sent about a former Ulster Unionist Party (UDR) minister.
Pakistan's intelligence agency (ISI) had been sharing information with the CIA before the raid that killed al-Qaeda leader Osama Bin Laden, it has emerged.
A US teenager who posted videos of himself firing a handgun and a flamethrower from a drone has been ordered to hand over information about the devices.
Delays have been reported at the new Elephant and Castle roundabout in south-east London after the junction was redesigned.
James Stirling and Eoin Morgan both hit centuries as Middlesex beat Kent by eight wickets in the One-Day Cup at Lord's.
Asian shares traded mixed on Thursday, with Japan's Nikkei index seeing its biggest one-day fall in more than two years.
The results of Iran's parliamentary elections have been announced, with moderates and reformists winning a majority.
Rangers' signing of defender Bruno Alves is the "perfect fit" for manager Pedro Caixinha, according to former Celtic team-mate Jim McCarthy.
Mae'r Eisteddfod Genedlaethol yn cael ei noddi gan Ferched y Wawr i nodi penblwydd y mudiad ar Ynys Môn.
A motorcyclist has died in an accident at an East Anglian track.
More than 800,000 chemists and Druggists in India are set to go on strike in a protest against online drug sales.
Former Alaska Governor Sarah Palin has said she will not endorse Donald Trump for president, but the two have a lot in common.
A gardener has said he is "devastated" after flood water swept away much of his favourite garden.
When Nick Griffin was the leader of the British National Party (BNP), he was one of the most powerful figures in British politics, and his personal and political fortunes were intertwined.
Pupils at primary schools in Northern Ireland are being given advice on how to cope with big changes such as moving to a new school.
Two people have been arrested on suspicion of stealing a sculpture of a sheep painted on a street in Wrexham.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp says he is yet to speak to Wales midfielder Joe Allen about a new deal.
A former partner of the Isle of Man law firm at the centre of the Nama property deal scandal has been questioned by police in Dublin.
Blackburn Rovers have signed Aston Villa's England Under-17 international defender Ade Suliman on loan until the end of the season.
If you want to make a difference to someone else's life, then being an MP is a good place to start.
The UN Security Council has approved a deal with Iran to ease sanctions in return for curbs on Tehran's nuclear programme.
Great Britain's Eurobasket qualifying campaign got off to a poor start as they lost to the Netherlands in their final warm-up game in London.
The face of the new polymer £20 note has been unveiled by the Bank of Scotland.
US President Barack Obama has visited Dallas, Texas, where five police officers were shot dead last week by a gunman who then killed himself.
A snake had to be rescued after it became wedged between a plane's wing and engine during a gust of wind.
German media group Axel Springer has bought a controlling stake in the US business news website Business Insider.
Families in Warrington are being offered free bus transport to a local leisure centre in a bid to boost the number of people playing sport.
The Kepler telescope has found 216 planets around other stars in the galaxy.
A number of puppies have been seized in a "shocking" attempt to smuggle them into Wales, the DSPCA says.
Nigel Farage has said it is "completely mad" for the government to allow in-work migrants from Eastern Europe to claim benefits.
The future of a "brilliant" modernist building on the campus of Durham University is under threat.
The Rollright Stones in the Cotswolds have won a Dark Sky Discovery award for their views of the night sky.
A body found in the River Severn has been confirmed as a missing man from Shropshire.
Michael Dunlop secured pole position for the Dundrod 150 Superbike and finished third in the race.
The narrowness of dunes at a Denbighshire beach is a "cause for serious concern", a report says.
ScotRail has said it will run most of its services on Sunday after a dispute with drivers' union Aslef over pay and conditions.
Hungary's foreign minister, Peter Szijjarto, says his country will not backtrack on controversial new laws, despite pressure from the European Union.
At first glance, you think: "It's a statue."
Hackers may have been able to access the payment card numbers of customers of Topps, the company that makes sports and entertainment memorabilia.
India set a record target of 300 to beat South Africa in the final Test and seal a 3-2 series victory.
The number of drivers caught using their mobile phones in Wales has risen since changes to the law came into force.
Two teenagers have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a donkey was stabbed at a farm in Monmouthshire.
A council has said it has run out of suitable land to bury people after spending more than £1m looking for a new burial site.
US singer Chris Brown has been involved in a shooting at a nightclub in California in which five people were injured.
The Trump administration is set to sign a deal to sell US military aircraft to Nigeria, US media report.
MPs have voted against a bid to change the law to make it clear that sex selective abortion is illegal in England and Wales.
Plans to build 4,000 homes in a "garden village" near Longcross in Surrey have been backed by the council.
Agriculture is the biggest source of greenhouse gas emissions in the world, the UN's food agency has warned.
A theatre producer has been jailed for three years for defrauding the Welsh government out of more than £100,000.
Swansea City head coach Paul Clement says he does not know whether Chelsea captain John Terry will continue his playing career.
The First Minister, Gavin Robinson, has accused those campaigning for the UK to leave the European Union of using "fear tactics".
Afghanistan's outgoing police chief, Gen Ashraf Zahir, has been replaced by a former provincial police chief.
The number of centenarians in the UK is expected to rise to more than 14,000 by 2035, according to new figures.
The extinction of some butterfly species in England could begin as early as 2050 if climate change continues at the current rate, a study suggests.
A motorcyclist is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a lorry on the A74(M) in Dumfries and Galloway.
A Cardiff-based IT company is to create 300 jobs over the next three years.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks back at some of the stories that made headlines in Africa in 2016.
A 16-year-old boy has appeared in court charged with the murder of a man who was attacked in an Essex shopping centre.
The father and son of a man who was stabbed to death in his own home have had their jail terms increased.
Oldham in Greater Manchester is the most deprived town in England, according to a new study.
The Olivier Awards are set to be hosted for the third year in a row by Lesley Ball, it has been announced.
A Carmarthenshire park is celebrating its 200th anniversary with the opening of a garden designed by the 17th Century English gardener, Capability Brown.
The daughter of a British couple killed in a plane crash in New Zealand has paid tribute to her "everything".
The number of companies going into administration in Scotland has fallen, according to new figures from accountancy firm KPMG.
Derry, Cavan and Monaghan will all be without key players for Sunday's All-Ireland SFC games.
A police community support officer (PCSO) has been jailed for three years for passing on information about a violent drug dealer.
A man who beat his landlord to death with a microwave oven has been jailed for life.
Viewsnight is BBC Newsnight's new place for ideas and opinion.
A Scottish man who went missing in India has been found, his family have said.
Patient safety will be compromised by problems with the NHS's 111 phone line, a health watchdog has warned.
Mansfield Town striker Adam Green says he turned into an "unhappy player" after being released by the club.
An independent review into the welfare of GB Taekwondo athletes has found no evidence of abuse, the BBC has learned.
Glamorgan batsman Chris Lloyd hit his first Championship century of the season to help his side draw with Sussex at Hove.
The chief executive of Airdrie Savings Bank is to leave the bank to take up the same role at Scotwest Bank.
An unlicensed money lender who pocketed almost £30,000 has paid back his victims and avoided a jail term.
Jamaica's anti-doping system has been criticised by the head of the World Anti-Doping Agency (Wada).
Former Juventus boss Antonio Conte has been appointed as Italy coach on a three-year contract, with the option of a further year.
Shrewsbury Town fought back from 2-0 down to beat Blackpool 3-3 in League One.
The story of the UK's economic recovery is being told in the run-up to the EU referendum on 23 June.
The body of former Philippine dictator Ferdinand Marcos is to be moved to a military cemetery in the capital Manila, President Rodrigo Duterte has said.
Twelve men and a woman have been arrested on suspicion of modern slavery offences after they were found working in Chinese restaurants.
The number of migrants arriving on the Greek island of Lesbos has dropped dramatically since an EU deal with Turkey was agreed last week.
An 89-year-old woman has been given a new bike after it was stolen from her while she was in the supermarket.
Relatives of those who died when a police helicopter crashed into a Glasgow bar have said there is "no resolution" to the tragedy.
Mario Balotelli has threatened to leave the pitch after being racially abused by Roma fans.
A fundraising event in memory of two teenagers who were injured in a rollercoaster crash at Alton Towers is to be held.
Alfred Hitchcock's Vertigo has beaten Orson Welles's Citizen Kane to be named the world's greatest film of all time.
Police in New York say they have captured David Sweat, one of two inmates who escaped from a maximum security prison in the state.
A man has been charged with attempted murder after an off-duty police officer was stabbed in Lancashire.
Drinks giant Coca-Cola has reported a drop in profits for the first three months of the year, as sales fell across the board.
A Cambodian community has set up an eco-tourism centre in a remote part of the country to encourage people to visit the country's mangrove forests.
Manchester United youngster Ravel Morrison has signed a new contract with the Premier League club.
Republican presidential hopeful Chris Christie has warned that "every place in America is a target for a terrorist attack" in the wake of the San Bernardino shootings.
An Oxford University college has banned a student who wore a Ku Klux Klan hood to a party, while a 19th Century violin has been removed from a collection of historic instruments.
A man has appeared in court following the seizure of drugs with a street value in the region of Â£3,750 in the Borders.
Wales midfielder Aaron Ramsey says they have made the fans proud by reaching the last 16 of Euro 2016.
The number of teacher vacancies in northern Scotland has risen sharply in the past year, according to figures released by the Scottish government.
Hollywood star George Clooney has surprised a 90-year-old woman at a care home with a surprise visit.
Repairs to homes damaged when a sinkhole opened up under a road are expected to start in December.
Everton have signed Leicester City assistant manager Steve Walsh on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
The Republic of Ireland will be without Jon Walters and Robbie Keane for their Euro 2016 games against Sweden and Belgium on Monday and Saturday.
Saracens fly-half Owen Farrell has signed a new three-year contract with the Premiership club.
A postman was left in a flap when he found his parcel had fallen down a toilet.
Sutton United reached the third round of the FA Cup for the first time in their history thanks to goals from David Tubbs and Chris Deacon against Cheltenham.
All photographs Â© Gareth Iwan Jones.
One of the soldiers at the centre of the Iraq Human Rights Tribunal (IHAT) has said he is "disappointed" the body is to close.
The former governor of Nigeria's Delta state, James Ibori, has pleaded guilty to corruption charges at a London court.
A hotel in the Scottish Borders is looking for a new chief executive to help run its "fun" activities.
Scotland will not go into their World Cup match against South Africa with an under-strength squad, according to fly-half Alex Visser.
Hundreds of people have attended a breastfeeding protest in Swansea in support of a mother from Staffordshire who stopped to feed her baby in the street.
Fleetwood Town came from behind to beat League Two Southport and reach the second round of the FA Cup.
A woman who had to travel to England to terminate twins with fatal foetal abnormalities has lost a legal challenge against the Department of Health.
As part of BBC Music Day, we want you to nominate the people and places that deserve a blue plaque.
The NHS is "withering away" under the coalition government, more than 100 doctors and public health professionals have warned.
The Mexican government says it has reached an agreement with a teachers' union to end a blockade of roads in the southern state of Oaxaca.
A magnitude 7.8 earthquake has struck off the coast of Vanuatu, the US Geological Survey has said.
Australia's Prime Minister Tony Abbott has said the government will pay back any taxpayers' money spent on travel.
Crimestoppers has offered a £10,000 reward for information on the murder of Caroline McKeich.
Two goals from Andrea Giaccherini and one from Mario Pelle saw Italy beat Belgium 2-0 in their opening Group E match at Euro 2016.
Rory McIlroy is three shots behind leader Jaco van Zyl after the second round of the Nedbank Golf Challenge in South Africa, while Julien Dubuisson is two shots behind.
British cross-country skier Liam Swift has announced his retirement from the sport.
Firefighters remain at the scene of a blaze at a bungalow in Suffolk, which broke out in the afternoon.
An NHS trust has apologised after the body of a man who died at a Birmingham hospital was sent to the wrong funeral company.
The cost of a new police and crime authority in Cambridgeshire has risen by more than £500,000 to £1.2m.
Britain's Jamie Lapthorne reached his first Australian Open men's doubles final by winning his semi-final in straight sets with France's Jeremy Chardy.
A huge snowstorm has hit parts of the UK, causing travel disruption and power cuts.
A man has died after his car was hit by a train on a level crossing.
The chairman of the Airports Commission has defended its decision not to back a third runway at Heathrow.
Cardiff's Millennium Stadium could host a world heavyweight boxing title fight, says the stadium's director of football Mark Phillips.
Kilmarnock manager Lee Clark has warned his side they need to change their mentality following their promotion to the Scottish Premiership.
National League side Ebbsfleet United have signed midfielder Chris Weston following his release by League Two side Swindon Town.
The former online shop of BHS is to reopen as a bricks-and-mortar store.
At the end of last year, Joba Rani and her family lost their entire crop in a devastating earthquake in Bangladesh.
The US is "in the final stages" of drafting a plan to close the Guantanamo Bay prison, the White House press secretary has said.
The long-running dispute over pay on the Luas tram system in the Republic of Ireland has been resolved.
A former Labour MP has been awarded more than Â£200,000 in damages over claims he profited from trade with the Islamic State (IS) group.
A petition has been signed by more than 100,000 people calling on the European Union to reject a major trade deal with the United States.
Bolton Wanderers have agreed a deal to sell the club to former striker Chris Holdsworth for an undisclosed fee, BBC Radio Manchester understands.
Scotland made it back-to-back wins in the Six Nations with a hard-fought victory over Ireland at Murrayfield.
Scientists in China say they have developed a gene-editing technique that can shrink tumours in mice.
Lydney Harbour in the Forest of Dean is set to be handed over to a private investor.
The Nobel Peace Prize has been awarded for the first time to three African women.
Belfast Devils moved level on points with Elite League leaders Cardiff after beating the Capitals 2-0 at the SSE Arena on Thursday night.
Britain's Hannah Belcher won a silver medal in the K1 200m at the Canoe Slalom World Championships in Milan to secure a place at the Rio Olympics.
Ambulance and fire crews were called to the scene of the Smiler rollercoaster crash at Alton Towers within minutes of each other, it has emerged.
A man has been detained by police in Sydney, Australia, after a security alert in the city centre.
Australian police have used tear gas and water cannon to break up a riot at a detention centre on Christmas Island.
Meat inspectors in the UK are being warned that a new system for inspecting pig carcasses could lead to thousands of diseased animals going undetected.
Championship side Charlton Athletic have signed Chelsea defender Christian Dasilva on loan until the end of the season.
The parents of a disabled teenager who drowned during a swimming lesson have been found guilty of child cruelty.
A building has collapsed in the northern Italian city of Naples, killing at least three people and leaving at least two missing.
Former Hartlepool United and Carlisle United midfielder Paul Sweeney has signed a new one-year deal with the club.
UK astronaut Tim Peake has given a special space talk to children in front of a live audience.
A man who attacked a three-month-old baby in a "cowardly" attack while on the run has been jailed.
The winner of the world's most prestigious teaching award has been a teacher from Maine in the US, Barbara Atwell.
North Wales should be given more power by the Welsh assembly to work better with the north of England, the head of the "Northern Powerhouse" has said.
Grimsby Town have signed former Bristol Rovers defender Gary McSheffrey on a two-year deal.
Adele has refused to accept the best album prize at the Grammys, handing the award to Beyonce instead.
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers said his side's 2-1 victory over West Brom was "satisfactory" after a run of five games without a win.
The UK government has agreed to allow Scotland's Court of Session to hear patent cases.
A dress worn by Oscar-winning actress Lupita Nyong'o at the Golden Globes has been stolen from a hotel in Los Angeles.
Radiohead have revealed they were asked to write the theme tune for the new James Bond movie Spectre.
Great Britain beat the Netherlands 2-0 in their second match at the EuroHockey Championships in Amsterdam.
Overtime payments for police officers and staff in England and Wales have reached a record £1.2bn, the BBC has learned.
Archaeologists have discovered the remains of medieval defences at Stirling Castle.
An ice cream company in the Canadian province of Alberta has offered to buy a school that is set to close because of rising costs.
A recycling firm has been suspended from accepting waste after a fire at a site in Manchester city centre.
When Google buys Tony Fadell's Nest, it gets the man who sold Steve Jobs on his vision of a portable music player, and then worked alongside Jony Ive on the iPhone.
The Football Association has backed Michel Platini to become the next president of Fifa.
Shrewsbury moved out of the League One relegation zone as they came from behind to beat Gillingham.
Plans for a £100m golf and tennis centre in Stirlingshire, co-owned by Judy Murray and Colin Montgomerie, have been rejected by Stirling Council.
The RSPCA has warned people not to buy or keep raccoon dogs as pets.
Ed Miliband's first appearance at the Welsh Labour conference in Bridgend on Tuesday was met with a mixture of cheers and jeers.
A US military plane has been shot down by a Russian fighter jet over the Pacific Ocean, US officials say.
Snapchat has reported that its video-sharing service has now seen more than one billion views a day.
Mobile phone company Three has apologised after some of its customers were unable to make or receive calls and texts.
A Sydney school has banned its students from clapping during assemblies, saying it is "too noisy".
Welsh MEPs are less well known than their UK counterparts, according to a new study.
When BBC Sport first published a story about Bruno Toninelli's mental health, it was met with a mixture of criticism and amusement.
Welsh taekwondo fighter Chloe Williams says she is feeling "added pressure" after winning a gold medal at the European Championships.
Britain's IBF and WBA heavyweight champion Anthony Joshua has been told by the WBA he must fight American David Ortiz in November.
Nigeria's Football Federation (NFF) offices have been sealed off by police as a power struggle continues between two rival factions.
The curlew has been added to the RSPBNI's list of birds of conservation concern in Northern Ireland.
Burnley midfielder Robbie Keane has been called up to the England squad to replace the injured Andy Johnson.
French author Michel Houellebecq has won the prestigious Goncourt Prize for Fiction for his latest book, The Map and the Territory.
A cyclist has been killed in an apparent hit-and-run in south-east London.
France's Daniel Levy moved into a three-shot lead after the second round of the German Open at Bad Griesbach.
The former Battersea Power Station has been put up for sale for the first time.
Two Afghan soldiers have been killed in an insider attack in southern Afghanistan, the Nato-led coalition says.
Glasgow Warriors head coach Gregor Townsend says Saturday's Pro12 game against Edinburgh will be crucial in his preparations for Scotland's summer tour.
Port Vale manager Steve Smurthwaite says the club's young midfielder George Smith is attracting interest from Championship clubs.
At least 11 people have been killed in a plane crash in southern Colombia, officials say.
Growth in China's manufacturing sector slowed further in July, according to a closely-watched survey.
Roma missed the chance to go top of Serie A as an own goal from defender Diego Izzo saw them lose at Genoa.
A group of World War II veterans have been presented with medals by the Russian embassy in London.
Four men have been charged in connection with the attempted murder of police officers in Lurgan, County Armagh.
Singer Ellie Goulding has topped the UK album chart for the second week in a row with her latest release.
Human remains found on a motorway in Shropshire have been identified by police.
The number of people infected with cholera in Haiti has risen to more than 7,000, the health ministry has said.
The Conservatives have announced they are scrapping the free school lunch scheme for the first three years of primary school in England.
The UK's construction sector may have avoided a recession, according to the Office for National Statistics (ONS).
The Queen has revealed she was "seriously undermined" by Chinese officials during the state visit of Chinese President Xi Jinping.
Former Wrexham midfielder Dean Keates has been appointed as the club's new manager.
A Stirling man has been jailed for six months after being caught with herbal cannabis with a street value of more than Â£50,000.
Air pollution is one of the biggest challenges facing the world, and many people want to find ways to improve the air around them.
An 11-year-old jazz pianist has become the youngest person to be nominated for a Grammy award.
A 40-year-old woman has been arrested in connection with the death of a man at a care home in County Antrim.
Northern Ireland's first minister has backed a campaign by survivors of the Thalidomide scandal to get compensation from Germany.
The European Space Agency's (ESA) Rosetta probe has discovered what could be the earliest evidence of the formation of comets.
A number of high-profile Republicans have withdrawn their support for US presidential candidate Donald Trump after a video emerged in which he made lewd comments about women.
A South African woman who appeared on the BBC as an expert on the Oscar Pistorius murder trial has been charged with fraud.
Former world number one Tomic says he does not "respect the sport" after losing to Alexander Zverev in the second round of Wimbledon.
Barcelona footballer Neymar has been cleared by a court in Brazil of any wrongdoing over his transfer to the Spanish club.
The Queen was born on the same day as the Cuban revolutionary leader, Fidel Castro, on 21 April 1936.
A 15-year-old boy has been taken to hospital with serious head injuries after he was abducted in what police believe was an "honour-based violence" attack.
Author Laurence Silberman's book about autism has won the 2015 National Book Award for best book on science.
England forward Alex Danson has been named in the Great Britain squad for their EuroHockey Championships warm-up matches against the Netherlands.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of arson after a number of vehicles were set alight in Wiltshire.
The former deputy first minister has said his mother was "appalled" when she found out he was an IRA member.
More than 1,000 people have been arrested in Northern Ireland as part of a police operation against dissident republicans.
A man who admitted causing the death of an elderly woman in a crash in County Tyrone has been given a two-year suspended sentence.
Two Syrian men have been found not guilty of causing the death of Alan Kurdi when their boat capsized off the coast of Turkey.
South African flanker Ruan van Rooyen says he and his team-mates would prefer to play in the Pro12 than Super Rugby.
The Israeli military did not commit war crimes or crimes against humanity during the 2014 conflict in Gaza, a government report says.
Germany's defeat by Georgia in their opening World Cup qualifier on Sunday was a huge blow to their hopes of reaching the last 16.
Welsh boxer Nathan Cleverly believes he can upset WBA champion Christian Braehmer and regain his WBO world title.
The collection of Sir Winston Churchill's widow has been handed over to the National Trust following her death.
The scene in Manchester city centre on Saturday was one of shock and grief.
A man has been arrested after a pensioner was hit with a crowbar during an attempted robbery in Londonderry.
Singer-songwriter Tinie Tempah has taken the BBC into his recording studio, where he's been working on his third album.
Aquascutum, the British firm whose trench coats were worn by British soldiers during the First World War, is set to be sold.
A cash machine in North Lanarkshire paid out more than £10,000 to customers who keyed in the wrong amount.
A Cardiff University building has been closed after asbestos was found in the building.
Jersey's bid to join European football's governing body Uefa has been rejected.
The number of trainee doctors in England is set to rise by a third, the government has announced.
Chris Ashton scored a hat-trick as Premiership leaders Saracens ran in seven tries to thrash Bath at the Stoop.
Cheltenham Town have signed Ollie Kashket from League Two side Leyton Orient for an undisclosed fee and Southampton defender Jack Gape on a one-month loan.
As the Premier League returns to action on Saturday, BBC Sport looks at 10 managers who have enjoyed - or endured - more than one spell in the English Football League.
A woman who was "lovebombed" by a man she met on a dating website has spoken of the "horrendous" pressure it put on her.
Japan's Supreme Court has ruled that women must take their husband's surname when they marry, in a ruling that has been criticised by campaigners.
Ospreys scrum-half Ken Owens says his side will be back in a winning groove against Cardiff Blues on Saturday after a "glitch" in their form.
Nottinghamshire captain Chris Read says he is "confident" his side can reach the One-Day Cup Finals Day for the first time in 10 years.
Strictly Come Dancing star Ore Oduba says the show has been his "absolute saviour" after he revealed he was suffering from depression.
US Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney is looking for a running mate to help him win the White House in November.
The number of poppy fields in Afghanistan has increased by more than a third in the past five years, the UN has said.
The UK's Supreme Court has ruled that parents should not be allowed to take their children on holiday outside of school terms.
The woman at the centre of a police inquiry into claims Sir Edward Heath used her as a prostitute in the 1980s says she has "no knowledge" of any misconduct by the former prime minister.
The ban on blood donations from men who have ever had sex with men is to be lifted in England, Scotland and Wales, a report has said.
Saracens have signed England centre Calum Clark from Premiership rivals Leeds Rhinos for the 2017-18 season.
Greece will hold a referendum on Sunday to decide whether to accept the terms of a third bailout from its international creditors.
It's been three years since England beat Australia in a one-day international at Lord's.
Lancashire missed out on a place in the One-Day Cup quarter-finals after rain washed out their match against Warwickshire.
Rugby union chiefs are "messing with players' health" over plans to cut the Six Nations tournament to six weeks, according to Welsh Rugby Union chairman Gareth Davies.
A body has been found in the search for a cyclist who went missing on a cycle path in Cornwall.
A Victorian cemetery in Wrexham is to undergo a £1.1m revamp.
Nurses and other health workers could be brought in to fill gaps in the NHS in England to help deal with shortages of doctors.
More than 3,000 people have been evacuated from the last rebel-held areas of the Syrian city of Aleppo, the Red Cross says.
The death toll from an attack on a Libyan airbase by rival forces has risen to 140, officials say.
How much would you have to pay back if you were to get a degree?
Shadow education secretary Angela Glass has been appointed to Jeremy Corbyn's shadow cabinet following the resignation of Angela Powell.
England and Scotland will meet for the first time since 1999 in a World Cup qualifier at Hampden Park on Saturday.
US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has said relations with Russia are "at a low point".
Cheshire is one of the most successful parts of the country to be left out of the government's Northern Powerhouse plan.
A man from the Republic of Ireland has appeared in court charged with attempted murder after a man was stabbed at a hotel in Belfast.
The European Union is withholding the last six-month payment to Ugandan soldiers fighting in Somalia, the BBC has learned.
An Australian man and a teenage girl have been arrested in Sydney as part of a counter-terrorism operation, police say.
The US space agency Nasa has developed a new material that could be used in space.
Collies have been used to combat the spread of E. coli in the US.
A bird of prey has been found shot in the head in Bedfordshire, the RSPB said.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has said he is "disappointed" by the number of people joining his party.
Police have said they may use "extra powers" to stop and search fans at the Champions League final in Cardiff on Saturday.
Cambodia's environment minister has spoken out for the first time about the country's high deforestation rate.
Christian Eriksen scored a late penalty as Tottenham beat Manchester City to move back into second place in the Premier League.
The world is the "hardest place" to be a girl, according to a new report by the charity Save the Children.
Sunderland Ladies striker Beth Mead has signed a new contract with the Women's Super League One club.
British author Michael Boyd is to write the next James Bond novel, the BBC has learned.
A table tennis player has pleaded guilty to indecently assaulting a schoolgirl.
A man has won a competition to see who can grow the world's heaviest pumpkin.
McLaren Formula 1 boss Eric Boullier has admitted his team's start to the season is "not good enough".
David Cameron has announced plans to double the amount of free childcare for three and four-year-olds in England.
The leader of Plaid Cymru has said Theresa May should "take some responsibility" for the country's "tolerance of extremism".
Wigan defender Ben Watson is expected to be out for up to six months after breaking his leg in Saturday's 1-1 draw with Liverpool.
It's not the kind of place you would expect to see 500 people waiting to hear a Labour leader speak.
Munster are to be investigated by European Cup organisers after Conor Murray was allowed to play on against Glasgow on Saturday.
MSPs are to examine the way returning officers are paid for their work at elections.
Police are investigating the death of a 72-year-old man at his home in Saltcoats in Fife.
When it comes to buying things online, Sen is a big fan of cashback websites.
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte says he is "not worried" about the club's lack of new signings this summer.
Northern Ireland's planning minister did not lose his executive power by unilaterally approving a planning framework last year, a court has heard.
Gloucestershire are still looking for their first win of the season after being bowled out for 237 by Glamorgan at Chelmsford.
Councillors in Dumfries and Galloway are to be asked to back a flood protection scheme which could cost up to £17m.
Cattle farmers in England are being urged to take steps to reduce the risk of bovine tuberculosis (TB) entering their herds.
A 92-year-old woman has completed her final London Marathon, walking the entire course.
The prime minister has accused Labour of running a "negative campaign" over the future of a hospital in Northamptonshire.
Kilmarnock chairman Michael Johnston has announced he is to step down from his role at the club.
More than 1,000 men have attended a conference on male domestic abuse in Sheffield.
Louis Laborde scored his first goal for Everton as the Toffees began their Europa League campaign with a 1-0 win over FC Copenhagen.
Jockey William Buick has been ruled out for the rest of the season after suffering a back injury in a fall.
There's a general election coming up on 8 May.
Leicester City's players would like Craig Shakespeare to be given the job long term, according to their players.
The SDLP and Ulster Unionist MLAs are to raise the issue of missing unaccompanied children at Stormont.
Brussels has reopened to the public for the first time since Friday's attacks in Paris, when 130 people died.
The M1 in Birmingham was closed for more than an hour after a plane with 153 people on board was forced to make an emergency landing.
The final series of US TV drama Breaking Bad is to be shown in the UK for the first time.
The case for raising interest rates is "still some way from being made", Bank of England chief economist Andy Haldane has said.
Leicester Speedway have agreed a deal to keep the club in business for the 2017 season.
The number of Americans living in poverty fell in 2011 for the first time since 2009, according to the US Department of Labor's latest figures.
Volunteers are being sought to help restore a 17th Century copper mine in the Lake District.
More than 1,000 children may have been sexually abused in Wrexham over the past 20 years, the BBC has learned.
Sam Allardyce says England are "back on track" as they begin their World Cup qualifying campaign against Slovakia with a win that would make up for their Euro 2016 exit.
A second man has been arrested in connection with the rape of a 15-year-old girl at a railway station.
The UK will continue to oppose any kind of duplication of EU military capabilities, the UK's defence secretary has said.
The bodies of all five people on board a helicopter that crashed in Gwynedd have been found, police have said.
The death of Mullah Akhtar Mansour, the Afghan Taliban leader who was killed in a US drone strike on Saturday, has raised a number of questions.
A cycle hire scheme which was suspended after its operator went into liquidation has returned.
Colombia's government and the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (Farc) have said they will ask the UN Security Council to set up a mechanism to monitor any ceasefire.
A court in the US has ruled that Madonna did not break the law by using an uncredited sample in her song Vogue.
Plans for a £50m road to ease congestion in a Powys town have been given the go-ahead.
A grand piano once owned by King George V has been returned to the Royal Pavilion in Brighton after a 20-year absence.
India's economy grew at its slowest pace since the global financial crisis in the three months to March, official figures have shown.
Blackberry has launched its latest smartphone, the Z30, in a bid to shore up its struggling handset business.
Photographs and other memorabilia belonging to the late Sir David Attenborough have been sold at auction in Leicester.
A witness in the trial of a man accused of murdering Surjit Singh Chhokar has been accused of being a liar by QC John Findlay.
Ed Miliband has said there is "no greater symbol of an economy that doesn't work" than zero-hours contracts.
The sale of Rangers to fans has been a long time coming, but it has finally been completed, with former owner Barry Hutchison handing over his 76% shareholding for £1.
Detectives investigating the murder of a Blackpool schoolgirl in 2003 are to make a fresh appeal for information during the club's FA Cup match.
Train fares in England, Scotland and Wales rose by 0.1% in the year to July, the Rail Delivery Group (RDG) has said.
Defence Secretary Michael Fallon has announced a new £1.5m programme to improve the care of injured military veterans.
Oxford University is commissioning a series of portraits of women and ethnic minorities to go on its walls.
Derbyshire director of cricket Dougie Wilson says his side will return to the T20 Blast next season despite failing to reach the quarter-finals in Birmingham.
England manager Stuart Sampson says his team would have won a gold medal at the 2016 Olympics if they had been allowed to compete at the Games.
Spotlight has won best picture at the New York Film Critics Society Awards.
Bristol poet Owen Sheers has won the 2014 Book of the Year award at the Literature Wales awards in Cardiff.
Ben Duckett and Ian Bell-Drummond are "very capable" of playing international cricket, says former England coach Andy Flower after their centuries in the Lions tri-series.
As a collector of Indian matchboxes, I have amassed a collection of about 25,000 labels.
Olympic athletes have been spotted with red marks on their skin, which are believed to be the result of using hot cups on the body.
Formula 1 boss Bernie Ecclestone has said he expects the Bahrain Grand Prix to go ahead, despite protests in the country.
Oscar-winning actress Dame Judi Dench and The Wire actor Dominic West are to star in a revival of Les Liaisons Dangereuses at the Olivier Theatre.
Al Ahly midfielder Sherif Ekramy has been left out of Egypt's squad for the Africa Cup of Nations in Gabon next month.
The Wickerman Festival has announced a new stage for this year's event, which will be home to the likes of The Weeknd, Coldplay and The Vaccines.
The aftermath of a gas explosion that killed a man was "like an airstrike", an inquest has heard.
JK Rowling, the author of Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone, is celebrating her 90th birthday today.
Dozens of shops in a Venezuelan town have been looted as the country continues to grapple with severe food and medicine shortages.
A letting agent for homeless people in London has received more than £1m in housing benefit, the BBC has learned.
Scotland captain Greig Laidlaw says his side will need to be " subtle and clever" if they are to beat France in Paris on Saturday.
For same-sex couples in Australia, the prospect of getting married could be a dream come true - if they can get the government to allow it.
South Korean opposition MPs have ended a filibuster that lasted more than 60 hours, setting a new world record.
The BBC has announced that it will be running a series of live shows on BBC Radio 5 live over the next few weeks.
A commemorative coin to mark the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's baby's first birthday has been struck by the Royal Mint.
Japan and South Korea have held their first face-to-face talks in more than a year, as both countries prepare for new leaders.
England midfielder Michael Carrick is a doubt for Tuesday's friendly with France after suffering a "severely twisted ankle" in their friendly win over Spain.
An inquest into the death of 14-year-old Alice Gross, whose body was found in a canal last year, has been adjourned until next year.
Algerian militant group al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb (AQIM) is one of the most powerful Islamist groups in West Africa, with a presence in Algeria, Tunisia and Libya.
An MP has been reunited with a lost toy after it was reunited with its owner at the Palace of Westminster.
Police in the US have been granted permission to use a suspect's fingerprint to unlock her iPhone.
Celtic manager Ronny Deila says his side still have an opportunity to qualify for the last 16 of the Europa League.
Aberdeen midfielder Graeme Shinnie has signed a new one-year contract with the Scottish Premiership club.
WBA world bantamweight champion John McDonnell will defend his title against Mexico's Jonathan Victor Rosas in London on Saturday.
In the wake of the UK's vote to leave the European Union, there has been much speculation about the future of the Bank of England and its governor Mark Carney.
The Liverpool Palliative Care pathway (LCP) should be scrapped, a review of the system is set to say.
Four people have gone on trial accused of murdering a man who was found stabbed to death in his bedroom.
Russian hacker Evgeny Seleznev has been found guilty by a US jury of masterminding a massive credit card hacking operation.
A cat has been stabbed to death in what the RSPCA has described as a "shocking and completely senseless attack".
One of New Zealand's most famous birds, Lanky, has been put down at the age of 40.
Boys have moved ahead of girls in top A-level grades for the first time in 17 years, according to official results.
A measles vaccination session is being held at a Neath Port Talbot nursery after five children fell ill.
Macedonia's President Gjorge Ivanov has dismissed the country's chief prosecutor in a row over corruption allegations.
Hundreds of people have retraced the route taken to deliver news of the Battle of Waterloo on the 150th anniversary of the event.
The only "credible explanation" for the murder of ex-Russian spy Alexander Litvinenko is that the Russian state was involved, a court has heard.
Chancellor Philip Hammond has failed to address the "severe funding pressures" facing schools and colleges in England in his Autumn Statement.
Pupils should be able to pay for their school dinners by fingerprint rather than using cash, an AM has said.
Scientists say they have found a way to boost the immune system's ability to fight HIV.
Seven police officers are to be questioned by the police watchdog after a prisoner lost three fingers in custody.
Ivory Coast is one of the fastest growing countries in Africa for young people to start their own businesses, according to the World Bank.
Dover Athletic have been allowed to sign Paul N'Gala from Gillingham, despite Fifa rules banning players from playing for more than one club.
Dundee manager Paul Hartley says striker Kane Hemmings is a player the club want to keep.
The Royal British Legion is launching a campaign to change the way people think about Remembrance.
Kenny Graham scored twice as Ross County came from behind to beat Ayr United and reach the quarter-finals of the Scottish Cup.
The Conjuring 2 has topped the North American box office for the second time in three years, ending a run of disappointing sequels.
Andrew Lloyd Webber has defended the price of tickets for West End musicals, saying they are "incredibly reasonable".
A British student has created an app that could help save the lives of people caught up in natural disasters.
David Miller and Jacques Rudolph hit half-centuries as Glamorgan beat Gloucestershire by eight wickets in the T20 Blast.
The world was a scary place in 2015, according to Sir Tim Berners-Lee, the co-founder of the World Wide Web.
A 40-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after the body of a woman was found at a house.
French police are continuing to search for the gunmen who attacked satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo on Wednesday, killing 12 people.
Prince Philip, the Duke of Edinburgh, has announced his retirement from royal duties.
More than half of the residents of two blocks of flats in Southampton are to be evicted, according to a housing company.
A burglar was shot dead by a gunman who mistakenly thought he was a drug dealer after breaking into his home, a court has heard.
If you're a fan of Taylor Swift, you might have been wondering why she's taken all of her music off Spotify.
Former Formula 1 driver Jenson Button says he is "hopeful" the new Baku Grand Prix will be safe, despite safety concerns.
The chief minister of India's Kejriwal state has returned to his protest site in the capital, Delhi, after a day of clashes with police.
Organised crime gangs are increasingly using the internet to hide their activities, according to police in Scotland.
Tickets for BBC Sports Personality of the Year 2015 in Belfast have sold out in less than a week.
Former world cycling champion Lance Armstrong says he would not do it again if he was racing in 2015.
Wales manager Chris Coleman says his side are in a "fantastic position" as they prepare to face England in their final Euro 2016 group game.
Isle of Man TT rider Martin McGuinness is one of the world's fastest motorcyclists.
Worcestershire's Liam Wells says he is aiming for bigger and better things this season.
A campaign has been launched to save a 1,000-year-old boulder from being moved after a motorist allegedly hit it.
A woman has raised more than £29,000 for a blind man who was robbed at knifepoint.
Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) has set aside £3.1bn to cover claims relating to the financial crisis.
An "incredible" painting of a 17th Century aristocrat has been bought by the National Trust.
Up to 40% of bus services in Wales could be axed if the Welsh government makes further cuts, according to a transport body.
In our series of letters from African journalists, BBC South Africa's Andrew Hahn has been giving his thoughts on some of the big issues facing the country's courts.
The Turkish government has lifted a ban on Muslim women wearing headscarves in state institutions, including the police.
Five UK universities have been given provisional accreditation to offer master's degrees in cyber security by the UK's intelligence agency GCHQ.
A man has been jailed for 12 years for the "vile" murder of a 73-year-old woman whose body was found in a street in Norwich.
Clashes between rival factions in the Lebanese capital, Beirut, have left at least one person dead and several others injured.
The family of a man who lost two teeth after he was punched in the face by staff at a mental health unit in Bristol have said they are "devastated" by the allegations.
Hibernian have signed goalkeeper David Marciano on a two-year deal.
Gordie Howe, one of the greatest scorers in NHL history, has died at the age of 87, his son has confirmed.
An international development agency has been criticised by the National Audit Office (NAO) for booking 15 flights costing more than £5,000.
A man who spent more than 30 years in prison after being falsely accused of being an IRA member has said he is still waiting for compensation.
The EU referendum should not be held on the same day as the Welsh and Scottish assembly elections, Labour has said.
Matt Marriott scored twice as Peterborough came from behind to beat Rotherham in the League One play-off final.
Formula 1 driver Jules Bianchi is "fighting for his life" after a crash at the Russian Grand Prix, his father has said.
A US law firm, Axiom, is to create 97 jobs in Belfast as part of an expansion of its operation in the city.
Police have released CCTV footage of a man they want to speak to in connection with a burglary at a house.
Northern Ireland's Michael Farmer won the opening race of this weekend's British Supersport Championship meeting at Knockhill.
UK retail sales grew at their slowest annual rate in more than three years in May, official figures have shown.
The Gambia has announced it is to leave the Commonwealth, the first country to do so.
A social worker has been found guilty of breaching a court order by failing to visit people with mental health problems.
Chancellor Philip Hammond has rejected calls for the UK to start formal negotiations to leave the European Union immediately.
The US justice department has said it will no longer allow police to use technology to track mobile phones without a warrant.
Gambian President Yahya Jammeh has cut diplomatic ties with Cuba in the wake of the death of Cuban leader Fidel Castro.
A dog that was removed from a County Antrim home after being assessed as a pit bull has been placed on a council's exemption register.
Manchester City have made Everton defender John Stones their number one target for the 2016-17 season.
Parts of the Republic of Ireland have been hit by power cuts as high winds and heavy rain continue to batter the country.
A 16-year-old boy has died after being hit by a lorry in south-west London.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after two men were killed in a two-car crash.
A man accused of murdering his ex-girlfriend whispered in her ear "she'll pay for what she's done", a court has heard.
Bristol City manager Lee Johnson said he was "proud" of his side after they came from two goals down to draw 2-2 with Newcastle United.
Premier League and English Football League teams will be allowed to take two penalties in a shootout from the start of next season.
A woman who has been selling poppies for more than 70 years is believed to be the oldest poppy seller in the UK.
A woman has told a court how she was sexually assaulted by a man who later went on to kill her friend, Arlene Arkinson.
Greece's Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras has lost the support of his own MPs, the speaker of the lower house of parliament says.
There's a general election coming up on 8 June, when adults will vote to decide who runs the UK.
Yorkshire have confirmed they are interested in hosting a day-night Test match at Headingley.
A sculpture by the artist Henry Moore is to return to London for the first time in 20 years, the city's mayor has announced.
A Londonderry man has been told to "go easy on the paella and cerveza" after he asked a judge to postpone his sentencing.
A US government employee has been criticised for saying healthcare was a "privilege" and not a right, during the Miss America pageant.
YouTube is cracking down on people who buy fake views on the site.
The Chinese space station Tiangong-1 is due to re-enter the Earth's atmosphere later this week, Chinese state media report.
If you have eaten a chicken sandwich in South Africa in the last few months, you may have been eating chicken that has travelled a long way.
David Cameron's father David, who suffered a stroke last month, has died, Downing Street has confirmed.
The Syrian government has begun the evacuation of the last rebel-held district in the city of Homs, officials say.
Saracens director of rugby Mark McCall says his side's progress in the European Champions Cup is "encouraging" as they bid for a domestic treble.
A statue of cricket legend Robin Bird has been raised to stop people climbing on to it and hanging items from it.
Former supermarket bosses have warned that a UK exit from the European Union would lead to a rise in prices for consumers.
Paul Scholes has returned to Manchester United on a short-term deal.
Rio de Janeiro's famous Mangueira samba school has won the national championship for the second year in a row.
The Welsh government has been accused of not doing enough to promote renewable energy.
Diesel has become the cheapest fuel in the UK for the first time in more than a decade, supermarkets have said.
Ireland's Liam English won the 1500m at the European Indoor Championships in Finland on Sunday.
Former Labour leader Ed Miliband has called on young people to register to vote in the EU referendum.
Victims of sexual offences in England and Wales could be given the right to review police decisions not to prosecute them, under Labour plans.
For a man who grew up on a potato farm in Herefordshire, David Chase has plenty of experience of running a successful business.
The Syrian government has defended its use of barrel bombs in the city of Aleppo, saying it is defending its people against "terrorist attacks".
A seven-year-old girl who died after falling into a swimming pool at her friend's birthday party was not adequately supervised, an inquest heard.
Worcestershire pair Joe Mitchell and Alex D'Oliveira hit centuries on day three against Derbyshire at Edgbaston.
The Indian government's decision to ban high-denomination currency notes is "not good economics", a leading economist has told the BBC.
Oxford United ended Bradford City's unbeaten start to the season with a narrow victory at the Kassam Stadium.
Plans for a 1,200-home housing development in East Yorkshire have been rejected by the government.
Wales coach Warren Gatland says he will be "neutral" for Saturday's crucial World Cup match against Australia.
Thor star Tom Hiddleston has confirmed that he is in a relationship with pop star Taylor Swift.
Northern Ireland's top judge has called on the British government to ensure all inquests into the Troubles in Northern Ireland are heard within five years.
Nottinghamshire lost eight wickets for just 38 runs on the final day as Surrey won by an innings and 88 runs.
Two former Fleet Street journalists have spoken of their shock at the news that the iconic street is to close for good.
A GP surgery in New Zealand which was rated "inadequate" after an inspection has made "significant" improvements.
If you're a student at Singapore Management University (SMU) in Singapore, you might be forgiven for thinking you were about to hear a lecture.
Bayern Munich extended their lead at the top of the Bundesliga to five points with victory over Stuttgart at Allianz Arena.
England's Paul Casey and Tommy Fleetwood share the lead at the halfway stage of the US Open after the first round.
Mental health staff are to be trained in Berkshire in a bid to cut the time it takes for patients to get help.
A new air ambulance service with consultants on board will be launched in north Wales, the health secretary has announced.
The family of a British-Iranian charity worker jailed in Iran have said they are "terrified" ahead of her appeal.
Lee Westwood says he is "back to the stage where I turn up fully expecting to play well" at this week's Open Championship at Royal Troon.
Arsenal Ladies captain Alex Morgan has signed a new two-year contract with the Women's Super League One club.
Badminton is the only sport to have had its UK Sport funding cut for the Tokyo 2020 Olympics and Paralympics.
The first gentoo penguin eggs have hatched at Chester Zoo.
A body has been found following a fire at a house in South Lanarkshire.
A German man has been jailed for six months for causing the death of a motorcyclist in Powys.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed higher on Wednesday, boosted by hopes that the US House of Representatives will approve a banking bill.
League One side Blackpool have signed Manchester United defender Liam Allsop on loan until the end of the season and Crystal Palace striker Callum Cooke on a season-long loan.
Celtic v Heart of Midlothian (13:00) on Sunday.
Thousands of people have attended Armed Forces Day events across the UK, including one in Lincolnshire.
A man is hoping to break the world record for the heaviest egg cooked with sausage meat.
A doctor who stole more than £100,000 from his Lincolnshire practice has been jailed for five years.
Charlton Athletic have appointed Jose Riga as their new head coach on a two-year contract.
John Hardie has just returned from a visit to Lockhart's Gaff - a place where he was "chilled to the bone".
Social media users in Indonesia have been sharing images and memes in the wake of the bomb attacks in Jakarta.
A County Londonderry company has announced it is creating 80 new jobs at its Kilrea site.
A Native American tribe in the US state of South Dakota has announced plans to open a marijuana-infused gambling and entertainment resort.
Conor McGregor says he does not believe Floyd Mayweather will make it out of the second round of their super-fight on 26 August because of lighter gloves.
Plans to sell off allotments in Leatherhead and Ashtead to build more than 1,000 homes in the area have been unveiled.
Belfast Giants have been named in Great Britain's squad for this month's World Championship in Cortina, Italy.
Bay TV, a free-to-air TV station in south-east London, has been put up for sale.
Togo's football fans have paid tribute to former coach Stephen Keshi by playing a charity match in his honour.
Two off-duty police officers have been praised by police after a man was arrested following a theft in County Londonderry.
A man is "lucky to by alive" after being stabbed in a "brutal attack" in Salford.
The Egyptian committee investigating the downing of a Russian airliner in the Sinai peninsula in November says there is "no evidence" it was brought down by an act of terror.
Juventus have completed the signing of Real Madrid striker Alvaro Morata on a four-year deal.
Security flaws have been found in four of the most popular Internet of Things (IoT) devices, according to security researchers.
The International Criminal Court (ICC) has found former Congolese rebel leader Jean-Pierre Bemba guilty of war crimes.
Malala Yousafzai is one of the most famous girls in the world, after she was shot by the Taliban.
Hundreds of Chelsea fans have taken part in a parade to celebrate the club's Premier League title win.
Nico Rosberg beat Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton to win the Mexican Grand Prix in a battle for third place in the world championship.
It could be one of the most high-profile legal challenges in British history.
Seachill fish processing plant in Port Talbot, County Antrim, was one of the first in the UK to benefit from the new minimum wage.
Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny has been found guilty of inciting violence and sentenced to two months in prison.
Financial services firm Hays has said it is "too early to tell" if the UK's vote to leave the EU will have an impact on its business.
Samsung has made ad-blockers available as part of its Android operating system.
US consumer confidence has fallen to its lowest level in more than two years, according to a closely watched survey.
Two brothers who tortured and sexually abused two young boys in South Yorkshire have been granted lifelong anonymity.
Six people have been arrested on suspicion of domestic abuse following a police campaign ahead of the Euro 2016 football tournament.
Workers in Wales could save up to £1,000 a year by cycling or walking to work, a charity has claimed.
Five men have been charged with drugs offences following a major police operation in Oxford.
Derby County manager Nigel Pearson says Jacob Butterfield and Andreas Olsson will miss Saturday's Championship opener at Brighton.
Britain's Kyle Edmund will begin his Davis Cup campaign against Serbia on Friday with a first-round match against Milos Raonic.
Wigan Warriors captain Sam Tomkins says he could return to the Super League club at some point in the future.
Wigan Warriors thrashed Salford Red Devils to move to within a point of the Super League play-off places.
A Sinn Féin teacher who was subjected to a campaign of sectarian intimidation has said she has left her job.
Scientists say they have solved the mystery of how rock formations like the Pyramids and the Taj Mahal form their distinctive shapes.
Storm Abigail has been named by the Met Office as it prepares to bring "very strong winds" to parts of Scotland.
Lung cancer patients who have secondary brain tumours should not be treated with whole brain radiotherapy, say doctors.
Chelsea midfielder N'Golo Kante has been named the Premier League's Player of the Year for 2017-18.
Scottish boxer Liam Taylor says he would beat Ricky Burns in his next fight if the pair were to meet in March.
Aberdeen have signed striker Stevie May from Preston North End on a four-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Clashes between Saudi security forces and Shia militants in a town in the east of the country have left at least seven people dead, activists say.
Turkish forces have been shelling Islamic State (IS) positions in the northern Syrian town of Jarablus, near the border with Syria, officials say.
Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale has urged party members to give her "a chance to be heard".
A woman has found the final piece of treasure in an art exhibition in which five artefacts were hidden in Scunthorpe.
The family of a soldier found dead at a barracks have asked a coroner to exhume her body to carry out a full inquiry.
Hundreds of people have taken part in a walk in memory of teenager Paige Doherty who was found dead in woodland in March.
A new search and rescue helicopter based in Gwynedd has completed its first mission.
Sport Ireland chief executive Jim Treacy has said he has "major concerns" over the state of Irish boxing.
The daughter of British aid worker David Haines, who was killed by so-called Islamic State (IS) militants in Syria, has called for airstrikes to be launched against the group.
Warwickshire will face Somerset in the One-Day Cup semi-finals after beating Essex by eight wickets.
Haiti's interim President, Jovenel Privert, has resigned, the country's Senate has announced.
The second flight data recorder from the EgyptAir plane that crashed last month has been recovered from the sea floor, Egyptian investigators say.
The UK will not succeed by acting in isolation against terrorism, the prime minister has said.
The UK's Supreme Court has ruled that the government's decision to charge discrimination claimants £1,200 is unlawful.
A football coach in Iran has been suspended for wearing SpongeBob SquarePants trousers in public.
Lindsey Vonn became the first woman to win three World Cup super-G titles with victory in Germany on Sunday.
Firefighters have warned people to keep an eye on their hoverboards after two devices caught fire in London in a month.
Scotland and Ireland will begin their World Twenty20 campaigns on the opening day of the tournament in India on Tuesday.
Tottenham's FA Cup semi-final against Chelsea at Wembley will be shown live on BBC One and the BBC Sport website.
The owners of a guest house have been ordered to pay more than £7,000 after a guest fell from a balcony.
Vince Cable, the former education secretary, says the government's plans to give vocational education the same status as university degrees should be welcomed.
Plans to close a public swimming pool in Derbyshire have been shelved.
The family of a man who was stabbed to death nine years ago have said they have "absolutely no faith" in the justice system.
Diageo, the world's biggest spirits maker, has reported a fall in Scotch whisky sales for the second quarter in a row.
More than 2,000 people have handed in a petition calling for the return of residents of the Chagos Islands.
Ben Affleck, who is starring in the new film Manchester by the Sea with Matt Damon, says it's " exhilarating and fun" to play a character like Lee in the film.
Sri Lankan pirates who seized a fuel tanker off the coast of Puntland have been released, the Sri Lankan foreign ministry says.
A seven-year-old girl has been placed in the care of a Muslim family in east London, the BBC has learned.
Police are investigating a break-in at the Glenfada Park museum in Londonderry.
Drivers are to be fined for entering a restricted area of a city centre street for the first time since a scheme was abandoned in 2014.
BMW has reported a sharp rise in first-quarter profits, helped by a rise in the value of its 15% stake in German mapping firm Here.
A positive outlook on life can reduce the risk of dying early, say researchers in the US.
Budget airline Easyjet has announced it is to launch flights between Durham Tees Valley Airport and Aberdeen.
A man accused of carrying out a deadly attack at an airport in Florida on Friday has been charged with murder.
The US economy grew at its slowest pace in three years in the final three months of last year, according to official figures.
Scientists say they have discovered the largest underground reservoir of water the world has ever seen.
Charlton came from behind to beat 10-man Bolton and move up to third in League One.
Glasgow Warriors pair Alex Rae and Sohrab Bhatti have signed new two-year contracts with the Pro12 club.
Ireland will be without Johnny Sexton, Rob Kearney and Dave Kearney for the three-Test tour of France in June.
Flooding has been reported in parts of Wales after heavy rain overnight.
Wimbledon is one of the biggest tennis tournaments in the world, with more than 100,000 players taking part in this year's tournament.
The driver of a double decker bus has been praised for keeping everyone safe when the vehicle caught fire.
Scotland's cities face "significant economic challenges" as the UK leaves the European Union, according to a new study.
More than 1,000 people have been evacuated from a seaside village in Sicily after a fire broke out in a wooded area.
The new Bishop of Gloucester has been officially installed at a service in the cathedral.
Alassane Ouattara is the president of the West African state of Burkina Faso.
Meetings and events are "the next big thing" in business, says Manish Aggarwal, co-founder of London-based event booking platform Eventbrite.
Ospreys eased to victory over Newport Gwent Dragons in a rain-affected Pro12 game at Rodney Parade.
In the wake of India's decision to ban Manforce condoms, some people have taken to social media to poke fun at the country's brand name heritage.
General Motors (GM) has said it will stop making cars in India as part of a $1bn (Â£700m) restructuring plan.
League Two side Cheltenham Town have signed Hibernian midfielder Scott Graham for an undisclosed fee, subject to international clearance.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock says he would not swap Kenneth Zohore for many players in the Championship.
A man has been found guilty of the manslaughter of a soldier who was beaten to death outside a bar in Gwynedd.
The Prince of Wales and Duchess of Cornwall have visited the Brixton Pound market in south-east London.
Hundreds of whales stranded on a beach in New Zealand are being refloated by rescuers, in a bid to save them.
Mark McGhee has urged Scotland fans to turn out in force for Sunday's World Cup qualifier against Slovenia.
Warwickshire beat Derbyshire by eight wickets in the One-Day Cup at Edgbaston, despite a valiant second-innings fightback.
Three British teenagers have been released without charge after being arrested on their return to the UK from Turkey.
Two police forces in Wales have been rated "inadequate" by the police watchdog.
The government is considering taking over schools in Birmingham where there are concerns about extremism, the BBC has learned.
Galatasaray have signed Morocco striker Nabil Belhanda from Dynamo Kiev on a three-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
A man who was jailed for six months for sending a "bomb threat" to an airport has launched an appeal against his conviction.
Is it possible to run a company without a chief executive?
Passengers had to run out on to the wing of a plane before being rescued by ground crew, an accident report has found.
All-rounder Liam Livingstone has been named in the England squad for the Twenty20 series against Pakistan.
Dozens of patients have experienced "unusual level of discomfort" after undergoing eye surgery at a Birmingham hospital.
A court in Germany has begun hearing evidence in the trial of eight people accused of carrying out a series of bomb attacks in Dresden.
Wales' EU funding has had no impact on the UK's decision to leave the EU, the first minister has said.
Abdelbaset Ali Mohmed al-Megrahi, the man convicted of murdering 270 people in the bombing of the Libyan airliner over Lockerbie in 1988, has died in hospital in Glasgow at the age of 69.
Islamic State (IS) militants have released a video showing the destruction of ancient Assyrian artefacts in Iraq.
Flooding in parts of the UK has forced thousands of people to leave their homes, and thousands more have been forced to flee their homes.
TalkTalk has reported a fall in profits for the three months to the end of September, blaming the cyber attack on its network last year.
Heineken has been told to submit plans for its planned £1.2bn takeover of Punch Taverns to the competition watchdog.
An oil and gas technology centre is being set up in Dumfries and Galloway in a bid to boost research and development in the sector.
Sunderland midfielder Adnan Januzaj will miss the rest of the season after suffering ankle ligament damage.
Two men involved in a major drugs operation in Northern Ireland have been sentenced at Belfast Crown Court.
This year's BBC News School Report will feature the work of more than 1,000 schools in England and Wales.
An Iron Age fort in Gwynedd may have been occupied much earlier than previously thought, archaeologists have said.
Two police officers have been injured in a gun attack on a car in west Belfast.
Hundreds of people are expected to take part in a march to mark the closure of Kids Company, a children's charity.
Mozambique's President: Filipe Nyusi.
Bristol City Council has been accused of wasting up to £6m on a park-and-ride site which is now not profitable.
Families who claim tax credits and Universal Credit are set to lose out under new rules being introduced by the government, campaigners say.
Scotland's skills system needs a major overhaul if it is to keep pace with the rest of the UK, a report has said.
A former Guantanamo Bay detainee has been sentenced to life in prison for plotting attacks on US embassies in Kenya and Tanzania.
Wycombe Wanderers winger Kadeem Harris has joined Championship side Cardiff City for an undisclosed fee.
The Hinkley Point nuclear power station in Somerset was once seen as a symbol of the UK's post-Brexit relationship with China.
Tributes have been paid to a former Glamorgan and Wales international cricketer who has been found dead at his home in Cardiff.
The United States says it has killed Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, the leader of the so-called Islamic State, in a drone strike in Syria.
Bolton Wanderers have re-signed goalkeeper David Stockdale on a two-year deal after his loan spell at the Championship club.
Liam Williams scored twice as Rochdale beat Doncaster Rovers to reach the second round of the EFL Cup.
Nottingham Forest director of football Les Collymore has withdrawn from the running of the Championship club.
Widnes Vikings say they are happy to continue playing on the same pitch as it was used for Saturday's Super League win over Salford Red Devils.
Plans for a £50m revamp of Keynsham town centre are to be unveiled next month.
Connacht have signed New Zealand-born prop Dominic Robertson-McCoy on a two-year deal.
A bagpipes player has been found guilty of defrauding a Hillsborough charity out of £5,000.
Probation officers in England and Wales need to improve the way they deal with offenders who do unpaid work, a report says.
Tommy Seymour will captain the British and Irish Lions in Tuesday's second Test against the Hurricanes in Wellington.
Adele's new single, Hello, has topped the UK singles chart for the first time, following its release on Friday.
The search for a man who has been missing since the weekend of 31 October has been called off.
Hundreds of teaching assistants have taken part in a rally in Durham in a bid to end a dispute over pay and conditions.
Welsh Green Party leader Leanne Wood has said the general election presents an "opportunity for harmonious co-existence" between Wales and Scotland.
The melting of Arctic sea ice has taken scientists by surprise, according to new research.
A Muslim man who became the first same-sex couple to marry in the UK has said he has received death threats.
Cornwall will face Cheshire in the County Championship final after they beat Surrey in the semi-finals at Twickenham.
The Mad Hatter, Cheshire Cat and Alice from the Alice in Wonderland books have been added to a virtual reality app in Llandudno.
Three people have been taken to hospital after a bus was hit by a lorry on the A34 in Oxfordshire.
Plans for "modest" road improvements in West Sussex have been branded a "sham" by two councils.
Fifa president Sepp Blatter and European football chief Michel Platini have been banned from all football-related activity for life.
A square of Neolithic megaliths has been discovered inside a huge stone circle in Leicestershire.
A woman has been seriously injured after being attacked by a dog in Skegness.
Goalkeeper Adam Bowns says Cardiff Devils can still win a trophy this season despite missing out on the Challenge Cup.
A boy who suffers from narcolepsy after being given an influenza vaccine has been awarded £120,000 in compensation.
Lifeguards have been redeployed to Camber Sands following the deaths of five men in the sea.
Police are investigating reports of people dressed as clowns running through gardens and jumping from trees.
A man who was jailed for murder in the 1970s is taking the police to court over a request for recordings of conversations between loyalist and republican paramilitaries.
Cardiff City defender Bruno Ecuele Manga is set to return to training this week after being treated for malaria.
Two first-half goals helped Wolverhampton Wanderers to victory over Cambridge United at Molineux.
UKIP Wales leader Nathan Gill says he is "disappointed" with the way the party has handled the selection of assembly candidates in Wales.
A motorcyclist who died after being involved in a collision with a car in Aberdeenshire has been named by police.
The number of insects in the UK could be on the verge of extinction, according to a conservation charity.
The decision to take military action against so-called Islamic State in Syria has been a long time coming, but David Cameron has finally made it official.
A gunman has opened fire in the centre of the Israeli city of Tel Aviv, wounding at least six people, police say.
Sony has confirmed that the PRS-T3, one of its best-selling e-readers, will not be replaced.
Israel has said it will remove metal detectors from a holy site in the occupied West Bank, a month after they were installed.
More money is to be spent on flood defences in some of Wales' most vulnerable communities, the Welsh government has said.
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte says there are "five teams as well as us" who can win the Premier League title.
A police dog has been put down after it attacked a man in Cumbria.
Eugene, an artificial intelligence system, has passed the Turing Test for the first time.
Six Scottish swimmers have been named in Team GB's Olympic squad for Rio 2016.
Egyptian judoka Ahmed El Shehaby was booed by the crowd at Rio 2016 after refusing to shake the hand of compatriot Ahmed Sasson during their men's -57kg judo final.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle moved four points clear at the top of the Scottish Premiership after beating Hamilton Academical.
South Africa is one of the world's fastest-growing economies and one of its largest democracies.
Scientists in Japan say they have developed a new way to detect the early signs of Alzheimer's disease in the brain.
Britain's Johanna Konta says she will not be distracted by talk of her becoming the first British woman to win Wimbledon since 1977.
The roll-out of smart meters in England and Wales has been delayed for a third time.
The assembly has rejected a motion calling for a review of on-street parking arrangements in Northern Ireland.
A senior Conservative activist has said he was given a 2010 dossier of allegations of bullying by the party's youth wing by a senior figure.
A fishing boat has been towed to safety after getting into difficulty off the Anglesey coast.
St Mary's Magherafelt beat St Ronan's 0-17 to 0-11 in the Ulster Under-21 Football semi-final at the Dub on Friday night.
Two high-resolution cameras have been attached to the International Space Station for the first time.
A schoolboy from a remote village in India's northern Uttar Pradesh state has become the country's topper in the secondary school exams.
An urgent review of lifejacket testing protocols is needed following the sinking of a fishing boat in which three men died, a report has said.
An international team of archaeologists has identified more than 1,000 ancient pyramids in Egypt by analysing satellite images.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after the body of a woman was found at a house.
Comedian Miranda's final episode was watched by more than 7m people, according to overnight figures.
When Apple unveiled its new smartwatch at its Worldwide Developers Conference in September, it was hailed as a game-changer for wearable technology.
A Scottish sea salt company has signed a deal with Sainbury's to sell its products in its stores.
"How much is your council tax?" is among the most bizarre calls made to councils in England and Wales, according to the Local Government Association.
An 18th Century painting of the coronation of King Charles II has been found in a County Durham park - but it is not known how it got there.
Plans for a McDonald's restaurant in a Gloucestershire village have been approved by a planning inspector.
Mental health patients are being brought into A&E departments by police instead of being detained in cells, a doctor has said.
Former world number one and 14-time major winner Tiger Woods says he wants to play golf for another 10 years.
The Champions League final will be staged in Cardiff for the first time in 40 years.
The National Basketball Association (NBA) is to launch an e-sports league that will feature teams made up of players from the NBA 2K video game.
Prime Minister Theresa May has said she has "absolute faith" in the UK's Trident nuclear weapons, despite reports that one was misfired.
It has been an extraordinary year for British sport, with Andy Murray the latest in a long line of firsts.
Aston Villa have signed Manchester City midfielder Scott Sinclair on a three-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Britain's Chris Froome won his third Criterium du Dauphine title on Sunday.
Joe Esposito, who was one of Elvis Presley's closest friends, has died at the age of 83.
Shares in airlines Easyjet and IAG were among the biggest fallers on the FTSE 100 on Friday, after the airline said it would cut costs by £100m.
One of the last flying Lancasters has been forced to make an emergency landing after an engine fault.
A man has appeared in court charged with abducting a 12-year-old girl from her home.
The number of people made homeless by councils in England has risen by more than a third in the past five years.
Chelsea boss Antonio Conte says Tottenham's failure to win the Premier League this season would not be a "tragedy".
The Rolling Stones, Sir Elton John and Kylie Minogue are among the biggest names in music, but how much would it cost to bring them to your home city?
Microsoft has announced it is to release a collection of Halo games for the Xbox One next year.
Tributes have been paid to the British singer-songwriter Ed Sheeran, who has died at the age of 41.
Home Secretary Theresa May should ban two US anti-Islam campaigners from entering the UK, a senior Labour MP has said.
US President Barack Obama has said he told Donald Trump it was "really important" to send "signals of unity" during the election campaign.
A passenger train has derailed in the northern Indian state of Uttar Pradesh, killing at least 20 people and injuring more than 50, police say.
Glamorgan have announced their 2017 T20 Blast fixtures, which will be played between July and September.
Former TV presenter Claudia Gallacher has been charged with drink-driving.
An off-duty police officer has told an inquest of the "absolute carnage" at a nightclub where two people were killed.
A woman has been raped by two men who forced her to get out of their car and run across a road with her child.
Former world number one Jimmy Carter said his Crohn's disease made it "very difficult" to compete as he was beaten by John Higgins in the UK Championship first round.
A blogger who became an internet star after being diagnosed with a brain tumour has died.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed little changed after the European Central Bank (ECB) said it would keep interest rates on hold.
A huge sinkhole has opened up in the Brazilian city of Sao Paulo, just days before the start of the football World Cup.
Cardiff City missed the chance to move off the bottom of the Championship as they were held to a draw by Brentford at the Memorial Stadium.
The president of the International Ski Federation has apologised for comparing the Russian doping scandal to the Holocaust.
Two British tourists have been arrested at the Machu Picchu archaeological site in Peru, police have said.
Chinese authorities have confirmed for the first time that a warehouse that exploded in Tianjin on Friday contained the toxic chemical sodium cyanide.
The use of unqualified teachers in schools in Wales is " jeopardising the educational progress of children", says a teachers' union.
A 20-year-old woman has been raped in Edinburgh.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has said he is "determined" to lead the party into the next general election.
Europeans are descended from a mix of hunter-gatherers, farmers and metal workers, according to a new analysis of ancient DNA.
The owner of a shop named after the Islamic State militant group has said she is considering changing its name.
An apology has been issued by Gordonstoun School following a BBC Scotland investigation into historical allegations of bullying and abuse.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has said he wants to set up a "People's Railway" to improve public transport in the UK.
The mother of a schoolgirl who went missing in France in 2012 has spoken out for the first time about the ordeal.
Borussia Dortmund have completed the third signing of their summer transfer window by bringing in France Under-20 international midfielder Ousmane Dembele from Lille.
China's consumer prices rose by more than expected in June, helped by a rise in the price of pork.
Nigeria's former national team coach Sunday Oliseh says he is pleased with the results he has achieved at Dutch second-tier club Fortuna Sittard.
All pictures are subject to copyright and may not be suitable for publication.
The fuselage of one of the RAF's most iconic aircraft has been transported to a museum for its permanent display.
A couple from West Sussex have died in separate falls while on holiday in Morocco.
These giant ice balls have been spotted off the coast of Siberia in Russia.
Guernsey Football Club want to enter the FA Cup for the first time, but have been told they will have to play all their matches in England.
A film based on the life of Marvel co-creator Stan Lee is to be made by 20th Century Fox.
A cyber security group has been set up in Wrexham in a bid to help people and businesses stay safe online.
Hundreds of people have donated to help the dogs that were rescued from a fire at a Greater Manchester home.
More than 50% of athletes at the 2011 World Championships in Daegu tested positive for banned drugs, according to a study by the World Anti-Doping Agency (Wada).
Gloucestershire all-rounder James Vince has been included in England's squad for the World Twenty20.
A man who wrote a song about his great great grandfather has been reunited with him after a local woman helped him find his grave.
The Flying Scotsman is to make its first public appearance since being repainted in a new shade of green.
Saracens wing Nick Tompkins has signed a new two-year contract with the Premiership club.
Avengers: Age of Ultron's villain will be called Ultron, director Joss Whedon has revealed at Comic-Con in Las Vegas.
Moco-Moco Primary School is not the first place you would look if you were looking for a place to get a good education.
A snake thought to be one of the world's deadliest has been put down by the Scottish SPCA due to health and safety concerns.
A British man has pleaded guilty in the US to transporting child pornography after he was caught in a sting operation.
The world's biggest professional wrestling organisation is making its first foray into China.
At least eight people have died after being trapped in a tractor-trailer outside a Walmart store in the US city of San Antonio.
A Merseyside Police officer who was stabbed in the head during a raid on a house in Wrexham has been awarded a bravery medal.
The maker of Irn Bru and Rubicon soft drinks has announced plans to restart glass bottling at its Moodiesburn plant.
A man has been shot and wounded by police in Ferguson, Missouri, in the second such incident in the US city since the fatal shooting of black teenager Michael Brown in 2014.
Madonna's promoting her new album, Rebel Heart, by wearing a string of pearls around her head.
Will Grigg scored a late equaliser as Wigan came from behind to draw with Colchester in League One.
Pop star Charli XCX has revealed that she's written songs for Gwen Stefani and Rhianna.
Apple has joined Facebook in offering its US employees the option of freezing their eggs for fertility treatment.
Wladimir Klitschko and Anthony Joshua are not as good as Muhammad Ali, according to the former world heavyweight champion's former sparring partner Bob Shavers.
UK interest rates were held at 0.5% at the latest meeting of the Bank of England's interest rate-setting committee.
The best-of-seven World Series gets under way in Cleveland on Wednesday, with the Cleveland Indians facing the Chicago Cubs in a game that will be remembered for more than just the score.
The Queen's Speech has set out the Conservative government's plans for the next four years.
An MP has called for a "separation" between the RSPCA's political and commercial roles.
Google has released a series of new Street View images of the International Space Station (ISS) taken by Nasa astronauts.
Hundreds of swimmers have taken part in Tenby's annual Christmas Day swim.
HSBC has appointed the chief executive of Asian insurance giant AIA, Bob Tucker, as its new chairman.
US Secretary of State John Pershing has said he is confident the Paris climate agreement can be sustained despite the incoming Trump administration.
Tom Routledge scored a hat-trick as Swansea City thrashed Charlotte Independence in the EFL Cup.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being locked in a nightclub for more than 12 hours.
The UK government is expected to set out its plans for tackling air pollution in the next few days.
A memorial to police officers killed on duty has been given the go-ahead by the government.
Craig Whyte and David Forsythe scored late goals as Crusaders beat Linfield to move level on points with Premiership leaders Crusaders.
ScotRail has announced plans to create more than 1,000 new train drivers over the next five years.
Malaysia's Prime Minister Najib Razak has said he is "disappointed" by a US move to seize assets linked to a state investment fund, 1MDB.
Cafodd bachgen arall ei anafu yn y digwyddiad yn Rhagfyr 2014 yn cael ei hadnabod fel Ann Carhart yn broffesiynol.
Pregnant migrant women in Germany are paying thousands of euros to have their babies registered as sons of asylum seekers, officials say.
Fines for data breaches in the UK are set to rise sharply under new EU rules, according to accountancy firm PwC.
The Shroud of Turin, one of the world's most famous religious artefacts, has been opened to the public for the first time in more than a decade.
The health secretary has said he will make a decision on charges for visitors to the NHS in Wales later this year.
North Korea has announced that it has carried out a hydrogen bomb test, in what is believed to be the country's first nuclear test.
The jury in the trial of former DUP MLA David Ford has been discharged after failing to reach a verdict.
The Scottish government has failed to update parliament on its plans for a named person scheme, it has emerged.
Nottingham Forest have signed Everton left-back Jack Browning on a season-long loan deal.
Aberdeen children have been asked to take part in a major study into the impact of genes on health.
"I don't want to be a victim of racism again," says Jean-Louis, who is from the Chinese community in Paris.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed higher on Friday, following the Federal Reserve's decision to keep interest rates on hold.
German carmaker Daimler has reported a 6% rise in second-quarter sales to 9.3bn euros (£7.4bn), up from 9.2bn euros in the previous quarter.
Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has called for an end to the conflict in Syria, saying "no-one has the right to kill".
Nintendo has reported a net loss for the first half of its financial year, despite the release of a number of new games.
Huddersfield moved to within a point of the Championship play-off places as they beat struggling Burton Albion.
When workmen at the North Central Council (NCP) in Cambridgeshire misspelled the word "I" in a road marking, they were forced to cover it up with black paint.
A Scottish Red Cross worker was unlawfully killed by the Pakistani Taliban, an inquest has heard.
Wimbledon champion Marion Bartoli has announced her retirement from tennis.
Plans to install electricity cables in a Gwynedd forest have been given the go-ahead following a judicial review.
China has set up its first internet court, which allows people to sue each other via the internet.
Shares in Samsung C&T have fallen more than 10% after shareholders in the South Korean electronics giant approved a $10bn (Â£6.3bn) takeover.
A legal battle has broken out over the sale of an ancient Egyptian statue in Northamptonshire.
Middlesex will begin their 2016 campaign at home to Gloucestershire on the opening day of the County Championship season.
A "heavy gambler" murdered his friend and dismembered his body in a suitcase before disposing of the body parts in a wood, a court heard.
UKIP AM Mark Reckless is set to join the Welsh Conservatives, BBC Wales understands.
Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny has been banned from running for office after being found guilty of embezzlement.
Rangers eased to victory over 10-man Inverness Caledonian Thistle with a slick attacking display at Ibrox.
Uganda has said it will withdraw its troops from South Sudan by the end of the month, breaking a promise to rebels to leave by the same time.
Twenty air ambulance charities across England and Wales are to receive a share of a £5m windfall from the Libor rigging scandal.
A teenager and his mother have set new world records for the fastest lap of the Isle of Wight.
Brighton & Hove Albion captain Lewis Sidwell says he wants to stay at the club next season and play in the Premier League.
A former chief executive of a Welsh health board has said she had to move to England for cancer treatment because it was not available in Wales.
Matt Disley's second-half goal gave Forest Green Rovers victory over Grimsby Town to move them up to second in League Two.
An Austrian scientist is attempting to set a new world record for the largest model of a crystal.
Former US President Bill Clinton has thanked Kenneth Starr, the man who led the inquiry into his wife's affair with a White House intern, for his "kind words".
Belfast's transport minister, David Hazzard, has announced plans to extend bus lanes in the city from 07:30 to 19:00.
The UK has a unique opportunity to bring the US and Europe together, not take sides, as the election of Donald Trump shows.
Formula 1 bosses have failed to reach an agreement on a new qualifying system for the season-opening Bahrain Grand Prix.
World champion Stuart Bingham was knocked out of the UK Championship in the second round by Mark Perry 6-3.
Russia's state media have been portraying the conflict in eastern Ukraine as a struggle between the Ukrainian government and pro-Russian militia.
Worcestershire's Joe Leach and James Barnard shared an unbroken century stand to leave Leicestershire in a strong position on day two at Grace Road.
An anti-extremism campaign has been launched in Glasgow in memory of shopkeeper Asad Shah who was murdered last month.
Spotify, the world's biggest music streaming service, has announced a raft of new content for its paid service.
Liverpool goalkeeper Simon Mignolet made "a lot of mistakes" in the draw with Arsenal, says manager Jurgen Klopp.
David Cameron has been caught on camera eating Pringles on a budget airline.
A children's book about life on the front line has been adapted for the big screen by ex-servicemen.
Britain's Katarina Johnson-Thompson won the 3,000m steeplechase at the European Indoor Championships with a new personal best.
Donald Trump is the front-runner in the race for the Republican nomination for the US presidential election.
Southampton have signed left-back Nathan Redmond from Norwich City for an undisclosed fee.
UKIP has defended its handling of a complaint about a Denbighshire AM.
Australian investigators have begun examining the cause of a light aircraft crash in Essendon, near Melbourne, that killed five people.
A 93-year-old former Nazi soldier who shot dead three Dutch resistance fighters during World War Two has been transferred to a prison in Germany.
A Palestinian woman who was seriously injured in a firebombing in the West Bank that killed her toddler son and her husband has died in hospital.
The Gambia's President Yahya Jammeh has announced he is stepping down after more than two years in power.
Borrowers are more likely to apply for loans to buy a house or car than to pay off their debts, a survey suggests.
Two men have been taken to hospital after being attacked by a group of men who broke into their home in Edinburgh.
Tottenham striker Harry Kane is "not for sale", says manager Mauricio Pochettino.
Up to 130 jobs are at risk after the closure of a Glasgow nightclub, an MSP has said.
Lonmin has said it will sell shares at a "substantial discount" as it seeks to raise $370m (£246m) in a rights issue.
The mother of a five-year-old boy who has been missing for more than a month has released pictures of him in a bid to find him.
Championship side Newport Gwent Dragons have signed scrum-half Ben Youngs on a one-year deal.
A railway station is to undergo a £1.5m refurbishment.
Torquay United secured their place in the National League for next season with a 2-0 win over North Ferriby.
More than 1,000 people have signed a petition calling for another referendum on the UK's membership of the European Union.
The man who murdered Glasgow schoolgirl Paige Doherty has had his life sentence reduced to a minimum of 23 years.
A group of voters has launched a legal challenge against the mayor of Tower Hamlets, alleging he abused his position.
A children's book prize named after Roald Dahl is to be extended for a second year.
Somalia's youngest cabinet minister has been shot dead by security forces, officials say.
Wales goalkeeper Danny Ward wants to stay at Huddersfield Town after helping them win promotion to the Premier League.
An inquest into the death of a man whose body was found in a park on Christmas Eve has heard police believe he may have been from Vietnam.
A look at some of the key stories in the news over the past 24 hours.
A man and a woman have been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences.
The Canadian government has launched a national inquiry into violence against indigenous women.
The first Kuwaiti detainee to be released from Guantanamo Bay has arrived back in his home country.
Patients who have had breast implant surgery in England are to be included in a new NHS registry.
A self-driving robot has crashed into a building in San Francisco, in what is thought to have been an accident.
A 15-year-old girl has been sexually assaulted by a man in Bristol.
It is the dream of many children - to one day be a video game maker.
Movistar's Gorka Izagirre won stage seven of the Giro d'Italia as Marcel Jungels retained the overall lead.
The number of international visitors to the UK is on the rise, according to the latest figures.
The Taoiseach (Irish prime minister) has said the Irish government will support an application for the release of an Irishman on trial in Egypt.
A flower shop has said it is being targeted by fraudsters who are posing as TalkTalk staff.
An MP is to introduce a bill in the House of Commons which would prevent rape victims from being cross-examined in court.
Rangers have parted company with first-team coach David Durrant.
Women's Super League One leaders Arsenal Ladies will face Manchester City Women in the semi-finals of the FA Cup.
Cornish Reds head coach Mark Churcher has praised his side's front row after they beat Chinnor on Saturday to move up to second in the table.
It has been a great year for me as a player-manager of Melbourne Victory, and I am looking forward to the next stage in my career.
UKIP has confirmed that one of its candidates for the party's leadership will be allowed to stand.
British number one Johanna Konta has been added to the field for the Aegon Classic in Nottingham next month.
An investigation is under way after a van Gogh painting was hung in a cafe in Leicestershire.
An exhibition of rare and endangered animals from around the world has opened at Windsor Castle.
The European Space Agency (Esa) has delayed the launch of its mission to Mars by four years to 2018.
Katie O'Donoghue has become an internet star after a video of her falling to the ground during a marathon went viral.
Wicketkeeper-batsman Ben Davies hit an unbeaten 93 as Yorkshire reached the One-Day Cup semi-finals at the expense of Lancashire.
French police have ended an operation at Paris's Champs-Elysees railway station, hours after the station was closed for security checks.
Scientists in Japan have developed a way to fluoresce cancerous tissue so they can see how the disease spreads.
More than 10,000 people have been evacuated from their homes in the southern Indian city of Chennai (Madras) due to flooding, officials say.
The battle for the Democratic nomination for the White House is taking a turn for the worse.
At least 13 people have been killed in north-eastern Nigeria in an explosion caused by a device left behind by a vigilante group fighting Boko Haram.
With just over a month to go until the general election, there is still plenty of time for MPs to get their work done before Parliament is dissolved.
One of the world's most famous buildings, the Ewha Womb in Seoul, was designed with Feng shui in mind - the ancient Chinese practice of arranging buildings in a specific way.
Jessica Ennis-Hill's career has been a rollercoaster of emotions, according to former British team-mate and coach Michele Minichiello.
Microsoft and Google are teaming up to help build a high-speed cable across the Atlantic Ocean.
The Queen missed the New Year's Day church service at Sandringham because of a cold, Buckingham Palace has said.
The father of US intelligence leaker Edward Snowden has said he is "delighted" that his son has been granted asylum in Russia.
Scientists have successfully implanted a wireless device into a rabbit, using electromagnetic waves.
Castleford Tigers half-back Matty Sneyd has signed a new two-year deal with the Super League club.
Three people have been injured in a crash on the A74(M) motorway in Dumfries and Galloway.
Cuba has reacted angrily to US President Donald Trump's new policy on Cuba.
An outbreak of measles in Swansea and Neath Port Talbot is continuing to spread, Public Health Wales has said.
Rescuers in Taiwan are searching for 12 people missing after a passenger plane crashed into a river, killing all 58 people on board.
Two new species of magnolias have been discovered in Mexico after being spotted on a nature photography website.
Carers who work with children in nurseries and primary schools in Wales are to be given a "golden badge" under a new plan.
A Swedish astronaut has played the bagpipes made for him in Scotland on board the International Space Station.
Manchester City manager Roberto Mancini says striker Carlos Tevez will have his "moment" after being left out of the side for the past two games.
Manchester City Ladies reached the Continental Cup semi-finals for the first time with a late goal against Brondby in the first leg of their quarter-final.
A couple from Falkirk who won £1bn on the National Lottery have said it felt like "a dream".
Hundreds of people have been taking part in a minute's silence in Brussels to remember the victims of the Brussels attacks.
A former Soviet army officer has been charged with war crimes in the US after being extradited from Afghanistan.
Perth and Kinross Council has backed a plan to turn the city's former Victoria Hall into a food market.
Northern Ireland's progress to the Euro 2016 finals is a proud moment for manager Michael Macphee, but he is also disappointed Scotland failed to qualify.
A scheme to vaccinate up to 100,000 badgers against bovine TB has been launched by the government.
A leading urologist has criticised the state of urinary catheters, saying they are "not fit for purpose".
Watford striker Isaac Success has been ruled out of Nigeria's Africa Cup of Nations qualifier against South Africa on Saturday because of injury.
The Cuban government has condemned the launch of two colognes named after the country's revolutionary leaders, Fidel Castro and Hugo Chavez.
A Warwickshire magistrate has resigned after an anti-Irish tweet was posted on his Twitter account.
Cardiff University needs to consider "specific and overarching issues" in relation to equality and diversity, a report has said.
A group of Muslim leaders from around the world has visited the Auschwitz concentration camp as part of a two-week trip to Warsaw.
Two police officers have been taken to hospital following a crash in Gwynedd.
Formula 1's strategy group has made a series of decisions that could radically change the look of the sport in 2017.
An ice cream shop in Londonderry has been badly damaged after a car was stolen in the early hours.
Police have launched a murder investigation after the death of a 50-year-old man in West Lothian.
The ejector seats on the jet that crashed into a Sussex road killing 11 men were not properly maintained, investigators have said.
Yoga enthusiasts in India have praised Narendra Modi for helping to break the world record for the largest yoga session in history.
An exhibition of photographs of children in Liverpool has opened in the city.
The University of Manchester has been awarded £1.2m to help fund a new cancer research centre.
Great Britain's Justin Hawkins finished second to Kenya's Geoffrey Korir in the men's race at the World Half Marathon Championships in Edinburgh.
An 18th Century mansion house in Dumfries and Galloway has been badly damaged in a fire.
Wolves defender Aron Bodvarsson says new boss Paul Lambert has brought a "clear message" to his team.
The demolition of the former Foyle munitions factory in Londonderry has been completed.
A man who stabbed a vulnerable man to death before stealing his belongings has been jailed for at least 25 years.
Bookmaker Ladbrokes has reported a sharp fall in half-year profits as it continues to transition its gaming business to a new system.
A reunion is being held to mark the 20th anniversary of the closure of Ipswich's airport.
Two men have been rescued after their boat crashed into a wind turbine in the early hours.
A five-year-old boy has been reunited with his beloved toy lion after it went missing from a stately home.
Soldiers in World War One spent less than a third of their time at the front, research has found.
The British Deaf Association has called on Northern Ireland's political parties to use sign language on the campaign trail.
Scientists say they have created the most detailed picture yet of how the brain develops during pregnancy.
England captain Wayne Rooney has "another tournament in him" despite his poor display at Euro 2016, says Frank Lampard.
A man has said his wife and son were "very lucky" to escape injury when their car crashed into a shop in County Tyrone.
When David Cameron arrives in Berlin this week, he's likely to be greeted with a mixture of excitement and trepidation.
The family of a mother-of-two who was found stabbed to death in her home have said they are "completely devastated".
Bolivia's vice-president has signed into law a law that allows 12-year-olds to work in the private sector.
Plans to demolish a former Gwynedd hospital have been put on hold because of nesting seagulls.
(Close): London's leading shares closed higher on Wednesday after the US Federal Reserve held interest rates at a record low.
Former Virgin Money chief executive Jayne-Anne Gadhia is to chair a review of student loans in Scotland.
California's largest theme park, SeaWorld San Diego, has been given permission to expand its orca tanks.
There were late winning goals in the Championship and EFL on Saturday, while in the second tier Barnsley came from 3-0 down to beat Cardiff.
Worcestershire have released all three of their T20 players, including Liam Milnes, Liam McKay and Tom Lewis.
The number of people trying to buy a home in the UK has fallen for the second month in a row, according to surveyors.
The leader of the Welsh Conservative group in the Senedd has been accused of "tittle-tattle" after a row on Twitter.
A British soldier killed in Afghanistan on Saturday has been named by the Ministry of Defence.
Twitter is planning to make it easier for you to see what you've missed while you've been away from the site.
It was a game that will live long in the memory at Euro 2016.
Bookmakers have suspended betting on Radiohead performing the theme song for the new James Bond film Spectre.
The leader of the SDLP in Northern Ireland, Naomi Long, has said she will challenge the decision by the High Court judge to grant planning permission for a new mosque in Londonderry.
Two of the largest self-contained industrial estates in the South East have been sold.
Russian heptathlete Yuliya Chernova set a personal best of 6,880 points while taking an anabolic steroid, says former IAAF president Michele Minichiello.
Gloucester Cathedral is looking to recruit its first female choristers in more than 500 years.
Great Britain's women suffered a 3-2 defeat by North Korea in their opening game at the World Championship in Canada.
In the aftermath of Hurricane Matthew, the BBC's John Sudworth travelled to Haiti to see how the country is coping with the aftermath.
Skyscanner has reported another "strong year" for its business, with revenues more than doubling.
The first electric taxi to be built in the UK for more than 70 years has been unveiled at the site of a £300m factory.
A fourth man has been arrested in connection with a shooting and stabbing in Warwickshire.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at the UN General Assembly in New York, where African leaders have gathered for the annual gathering of world leaders.
The value of the pound fell as much as 1.5% in early trading on Thursday after the UK voted to leave the European Union.
The owner of a whisky distillery in the Scottish Borders has announced plans to expand the business.
BBC Radio 1's Official Chart Show is to be moved to CBBC in May, it has been announced.
Tuberculosis in animals is "far more common" than previously thought, according to a leading health expert.
Andy Murray will continue to be the "dominant force" in tennis after becoming world number one for the first time, says Tim Henman.
John Higgins beat Stuart Bingham 10-6 to win the China Open for the first time in more than a decade.
More than two-thirds of school children in the UK are sleep-deprived, according to a study by a US university.
President Donald Trump's new interior secretary, Ryan Zinke, has marked his first day in the job by riding through Washington on a horse.
Charlton Athletic are investigating an allegation of historical sexual abuse by a scout in the 1980s.
Plans for more than 1,000 homes in Rhondda Cynon Taff have been submitted to the county council.
Newcastle United midfielder Papiss Cisse could face a two-match ban after allegedly spitting at his team-mate Jonny Evans.
A 19-year-old man has died after suffering a head injury at a house party in south-west London.
Cardiff City midfielder Jordan Hoilett has signed a new one-year contract with the club, with the option of a further year.
ScotRail has rejected claims by the RMT union that it is "exploiting" the country's railways for profits.
Ireland one-day captain Heather Shillington has retired from international cricket following her side's defeat by South Africa in their final game before the World Cup.
Premier League referee Mike Dean has been accused of being "arrogant" and "disgraceful" by former Manchester United captain Gary Neville.
The number of child sex abuse cases dropped by the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) in England and Wales has risen for the second year in a row, figures show.
BBC Sport football expert Mark Lawrenson is pitting his wits against a different guest each week this season.
Five health boards in Wales are set to overspend by more than £100m, the Welsh Government has said.
British gymnast Jack MacKenzie is to return to South Africa for the first time to train with the national team.
A woman has appeared in court charged with attempted murder after a woman was seriously injured in a stabbing.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed higher on Friday after the US economy added more jobs than expected in April.
A British man accused of murdering a British soldier in Iraq has gone on trial accused of making bombs with deadly intent.
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers expects Raheem Sterling to sign a new two-year contract with the club.
A heatwave in Spain and a strong breeze could be bringing the hot weather north to the UK.
A minimum price for alcohol in England is the most cost-effective way to reduce alcohol harm, a public health review has concluded.
Jon Stewart, the host of the long-running US satirical show The Daily Show, has said goodbye to the show after 17 years.
The Scottish government has made 90.4% of the payments due to farmers and crofters, the agriculture secretary has said.
More than a dozen teachers in Wales have been banned from the profession for using social media to post sexual content.
Nintendo has defended its new Switch games console after thousands of customers complained of dead pixels on the screen.
Northern Ireland's Carl Frampton will fight Leo Santa Cruz for the second time in less than two months on Saturday.
Restrictions on the use of a bus lane in Lancashire city centre are to remain in place for the rest of the year.
Hampshire all-rounder Sean Ervine hit an unbeaten 109 as Somerset struggled on day one of their County Championship Division Two match at Taunton.
All photographs courtesy of Stella D'Aloisio / Magnum Photos.
More than a third of people accessing Google every day have at least one malicious add-on installed in their browser, according to research.
Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has said the government will not hold a referendum on becoming a republic.
Newcastle's £12m signing Jonjo Shelvey scored his first goal for the club as the Magpies beat West Ham at St James' Park.
Olympic boxing offers the best of both worlds for boxers.
With just over a week to go until the general election, it is easy to get bogged down in the details of what the Conservatives are hoping to achieve.
The life of a Tibetan spiritual leader who was murdered in China has been celebrated in his home country.
The Chancellor of the Exchequer has announced an extra £1bn for social care in England.
A cyclist accused of killing a woman by crashing into her while riding a "fixie" bike posted a comment on an online forum saying she had "stopped dead" in his path, a court heard.
An inquest into the deaths of two men who died in a house fire has been told there is "no compelling evidence" it started in a dryer.
The US Navy has banned alcohol for all its personnel on the Japanese island of Okinawa, after a US sailor was found to be driving under the influence.
John Bercow, the Speaker of the House of Commons, is preparing for his last Commons appearance before the general election on 8 June.
YouTube has increased the maximum number of views it can count on its video of South Korean singer Psy's Gangnam Style.
Matty Ah Van scored a hat-trick as Widnes Vikings beat Castleford Tigers to move into the Super League play-off places.
A baby girl has been born in Ukraine with DNA from both her mother and her partner.
Two hospitals in Cumbria have been placed in special measures by health inspectors.
Sean O'Brien's last-gasp drop-goal saw Salford come from behind to beat Hull KR and secure a place in the Million Pound Game.
At the age of 16, Chilla is a student at a private school in Indonesia.
A man has been arrested in connection with the death of a man who was found with serious head injuries in Waterford.
Blackburn Rovers were relegated from the Championship after losing to Nottingham Forest and Birmingham City.
Children who eat school lunches are more likely to eat vegetables than fruit or meat, a survey suggests.
A pilot has died after his light aircraft crashed in a field in Stoke-on-Trent.
A professional master of a container ship has been found guilty of being over the drink-drive limit while on duty in Belfast.
Mexico's central bank governor Agustin Carstens has been tipped to become the next International Monetary Fund (IMF) chief.
The UK is to reopen its embassy in Iran, more than 30 years after the post was closed in protest at the Iranian nuclear programme.
Cambridge and Stevenage played out a goalless draw at the Kassam Stadium in League Two.
Star Wars and Harry Potter actor Warwick Davis has said his caravan has been stolen, even though it was locked.
Former US President Barack Obama is to speak at a charity dinner at the Edinburgh International Conference Centre.
The European Court of Human Rights has ruled that Belgium's ban on the wearing of full-face veils in public is unconstitutional.
A Celtic fan has appeared in court accused of making a "threatening and offensive remark" during the Scottish Cup final against Rangers.
Footage has emerged of a supermarket worker apparently hitting a woman over the head with a packet of bacon after an alleged assault.
In a remote corner of the Bolivian capital, La Paz, photographer and film-maker Ana Cappa found a box in a field.
The reason the US Federal Reserve decided not to raise interest rates on Wednesday is not because it didn't have the votes.
The Isle of Wight's Conservative MP has survived a vote of no confidence in his bid to be re-elected at the general election.
There's one thing you don't have to worry about if you want to be a WWE Superstar - the moves!
The creator of Flappy Bird has said he will not make a sequel to the game after it went viral last year.
Dozens of plastic bags have been placed on the seafront in Brighton in a protest against the migrant crisis.
Prince Harry has launched a scholarship programme to train members of the Royal Family in hospitality.
Andy Murray returned to winning ways with a straight-set victory over Canada's Milos Raonic in the first round of the Miami Open.
South African athlete Oscar Pistorius was not wearing his prosthetic legs when he hit a toilet door with a cricket bat, a police expert has said.
During World War Two, millions of people in the UK were forced to live in extreme poverty.
